fun facts page alongside bio

fun facts

tell my life story, each inflection points

for life story, show thought process. get the dates sorta right, memory a bit foggy

do a run down about

my full name is adam tomas pangelinan. ATP / adenosine triphosphate, the energy of the cell. AP means advanced placement. i like my abbreviations\n\ndo a run down about\n\nso cool to see families here\n\nthe mosaic of life. im gonna live\n\nconnect with the revive23 founders?\n\nwe cant forget how amazing usa is was\n\n"LIFE IS A MAGICAL ODYSSEY TO BE EXPERIENCED"\n\nCurious ~ Empathetic ~ Diligent ~ Honest ~ Ambitious\n\nexploring myself and the world, thanks to life! hehe\n\nbrett adcock is a happy competent meta balanced dude.\n\nbetter to have content by made ABOUT you, not BY you..\n\nabout myself and the world, and i got humbled in a good way.\n\nLiving doc: Raw, unfinished notes on my journey with religion\n\nmake an accessible bible. what happened, what does it mean etc.\n\nsay on bio: we compress ourselves for bios, but we are much more.\n\nscientist philosopher entrepreneur writer programmer investor musician artist\n\nauthenticity. having a clear conscience is priceless. im pretty much an open book\n\nchildren have always worked. they should start working as soon as its reasonable.\n\ngot half of skillsupply and townhall done today, revamped AM site. good shit adam tomas\n\nhave lunch w mama soon explaining what im doing and the milestones and current progress.\n\n~ 1) “I wish I'd had the courage to live a life true to myself, not the life others expected of me.”\n\nkids should work instead of going to school. if we all were able to provide value thatd be great. work with family\n\nin blog: i just wanna share stuff with people, and if i dont have people that wanna hear what i wanna say, i feel ignored\n\ntns is so technical, and people back home are confused. so make it accessible to a 10 year old. write a blog post or smth\n\nhave pseudo code, text box, and formal code levels of abstraction available to you, you can traverse the levels of abstraction\n\nbalaji 1pm meeting and also office hours w him? idk if i have anything to talk with him about.  on Apr 21, 2025 at 9:00 AM - 9:30 AM\n\ni can have a site for the blog that doesnt have my name on it? like wait but why, it doesnt all have to be outrightly lead back to me\n\nKeep it super simple, embed this to personal site after deleting leaf buttons, then i can edit on phone and link to each, and just insert pics and scapples. Keep it simple\n\nwrite blog or document life, title it “autobiography on the go”. im gonna write an autobio anyway just documenting life, might as well write it / document as i live it. just guessing and testing. or “talking at the edge of the world”\n\nwrite blog or document life, title it “autobiography on the go”. im gonna write an autobio anyway just documenting life, might as well write it / document as i live it. just guessing and testing. or “talking at the edge of the world”\n\nblog about how the dont die and network state conferences went. link to things like ABOUT if they dont know about me, heres the breakdown of expenses and what i learned from each, why i went, my heroes, why i like them etc. they can change around. caveats for jordan peterson elon peter thiel. i like them, their controversial to some, i like the boldness, im not easily bothered, i like them for other reasons, i see why they bother people but i still admire certain dimensions of them.\n\nwhen will i stop and make my socials private? when it reaches 6 mags? so i dont get to the 7 mags? i wonder when the minimum effective fame kicks in. and i dont want followers i want peer relationship. how to do this? dm every “follower”? use a filtering fuction /question? vett my followers and following? for ig its visible competence to a girlfriend, its love relationship practice and i dont want kids rn cause my wealth and time isnt in order. girls want commitment resources they wanna feel financially and socially safe and stable. so have lots of great friends, lots of wealth, and stable plans for the future so they feel you wont lose either anytime soon. work on your fashion muscles hair wealth. your lifestyle is the vehicle they enter, be their best option. go for the poor pretty girl with great character great family. someone who can leave with you as you become a sovereign individual slowmad, with tradwife values*: ill build the walls, you build the garden. i want a gorgeous young wife who brings light and energy to my life, lots of great sex, a life of her own, we align on values, like the mind mapper app will show how much on paper we align on values.\n\nget adampang.io and make blog.adampang.com or whatever\n\non my now page, put date location, tldr of what im up to, highlights\n\nwrite aboout why i made a personal logo, and tie it into fame writing\n\nhave lunch w mama soon explaining what im doing and the milestones and current progress.\n\nspots and music and video games are all symbolic same for money for philosophy for math for any abstraction\n\ndm marc lou i was just reading his startup rollercoaster blog post. im sorry to hear about Hughue passing, that was a shock when i got to the bottom of the post. wow. i hope you are doing well\n\npersonal site people are my people. sivers is an internet pioneer, hes genuine, he plays at life. love that guy. i feel more his equal now, like im a young guy who entered the league and im getting close to his stature in the life leaderboard tier list, but this is a more of a dashboard then a zero sum cutthroat leaderboard like sports, its more like forbes where wealth creation is good for all: maybe not warren buffet, arnault, cigarrete companies, bad food companies, big tax collector pharma. this is about bad incentives and people being illusioned. well prada is zahavian so i see the point there. its just clothes and shit, maybe im just showing my tech values lol, i gotta improve my fashion skills fosho.\n\n