put blueblockers in bag\n\nget another cheap laptop\n\nthe needle is threadable\n\nglue this laptop thing..\n\nironing board surf board\n\nget a natural moisturizer\n\nwe need bikes to coworking\n\nget a black strat? for ns?\n\nget more notebooks and pens\n\nget jbl speaker from amazon?\n\nget blue shoes and a white hat\n\nput chase card on apple wallet\n\nugg slips qwe all can make it.\n\nget toe spreaders for exercise?\n\nwhite hoodie and maroon dad hat\n\nget a white hat from dads house?\n\nget mouse for laptop. in luggage\n\nput a tip jar on every AM product\n\nget a tripod + mic + camera setup\n\nfind a wearable to measure T levels\n\nget some uggs for stylish sandals..\n\ndo wardrobe audits with romina at ns\n\nget airpods or earbuds for recording?\n\nlaundry and wardrobe audit and thrift\n\nfinish light90 for auto coffee timing\n\nbuild what you cant buy, AND buy it..\n\nbuy more wine bottles and wine glasses\n\nget a small stool for sun outside door\n\nget tech merch music merch soccer merch\n\nget a tap water filter and water chiller\n\nfix jbl speaker. music at soccer is cool\n\nremove bad clothes. buy more good clothes\n\ndo a loom and show how each product works\n\nget toe spreaders and toe spreader shoes?\n\nput books and iphone charger to nightstand\n\nget the internet sweatshirt and kale shirt\n\nwould be cool to have astroturf for futsal\n\nbuy 3x outside filters salt inside filters\n\nget air quality monitor. maybe on a watch?\n\ndo a wardrobe audit. create curate elevate\n\nput blueblockers at mamas house car and bag\n\nget a laptop stand. print one at makerspace\n\nsend link to blueblockers and mask to otavio\n\nadd music to dinner with a bluetooth speaker\n\nromina wardrobe audit.. and upstyling service\n\nbuy more atheltics bands. temu to forest city?\n\nfind capo on Apr 20, 2025 at 6:30 AM - 7:00 AM\n\ncharge phone on Feb 5, 2025 at 9:00 AM - 9:30 AM\n\nsell hats from my most famous content, like pplx\n\nwash yeti on Apr 23, 2025 at 10:00 AM - 10:30 AM\n\nget more exercise clothes, more clothes in general\n\ncharge the whoop on Apr 20, 2025 at 7:00 AM - 7:30 AM\n\ncharge phone on Feb 6, 2025 at 12:00 noon - 12:30 noon\n\ncoco water and salt. towel. cleats. paracord headband.\n\nadampang.com stickers for phone and laptop and bag etc?\n\nfix karaoke receivers and get that up and runnin. event?\n\nbackup laptop w ssd on Apr 22, 2025 at 8:30 AM - 9:00 AM\n\nprint out les goh poster. book printing. poster printing\n\nar glasses will be a huge unlock. get these.. meta orion.\n\nput up a paracord thing for the hand towel at 13th floor.\n\nsell vinyls to american music or something. or consignment\n\nget a tripod and ar glasses and car phone holder for media\n\norder that mic that plugs into iphone and upgrades the audio\n\nget earbuds in backpack on Apr 21, 2025 at 6:00 AM - 6:30 AM\n\nput a bunch of clean towels inside the gym for the cold plunge\n\nfor podcast, lets have a set digital background, for consistency\n\nfind whoop charger and charge on Feb 7, 2025 at 3:00 PM - 3:30 PM\n\nget sheet blanket instead of comforter? get an 8sleep cooling pad?\n\nget a standing desk. a walking treadmill with an eye level desk lol\n\norder 2 supergreens from amazon on Feb 7, 2025 at 7:00 AM - 7:30 AM\n\ncancel whoop, test without it, i can always renew a new year whatever..\n\nkeys wallet phone all in one. use 0proofs and 3d printing to consolidate\n\nget bean bags for the ns cafe floor on Apr 21, 2025 at 5:00 AM - 5:30 AM\n\norder more vitamins. beef liver. amazon temu shoppee lazada grab whatever\n\n3d clothes making lab would be cool at ns, romina and that s3 place inspo\n\nget couple wide floor lights waterproof for socxer temu not too blue color\n\nfind out a way for a higher standing desk. portable across house and cafes\n\nput headphones and airpods in backpack on Apr 12, 2025 at 5:45 AM - 6:15 AM\n\n3d print laptop stands so you can have eye height? monitor + keyboard idk..\n\nget phone case that works with key card on Apr 11, 2025 at 4:00 AM - 4:30 AM\n\npack headphones in my bad for next time on Jan 28, 2025 at 9:30 PM - 10:00 PM\n\nget air purifier monitor and air purifier from temu for room and car and house?\n\nwardrobe audit for both style, and no polyester, bad clothing for no plastics etc\n\nshow products on X, show sales, tell a story. make it an astounding products thread\n\nwardrobe audit and dress super sharply, put clothes in the bean bag, clear out the car\n\nwhat if there was a mini keyboard wrapped around the phone? same layout as keyboard but\n\nget airpods or some kind of headphones earphones earbuds for recording. with a good mic\n\nget a better phone case for hotel key. kuans thing on Apr 10, 2025 at 8:00 AM - 8:30 AM\n\nhow to make super cheap ar glasses and blueblockers? 3d print the base yes but what then?\n\nalso a silver and gold getup, after i get black and white trio male jewelry package going\n\ntemu standing desk for any height of table, variable and slanted. portable? do i 3d print?\n\nget a bunch of notebooks and pens just like balaji, sam altman, so externally thinking (writing)\n\nthere should be a place to bulk sell or individual sell clothes? fb marketplace or thriftstores???\n\nget an iphone case w easy way to scan the hotel room card thing so i dont need to keep taking it out.\n\nadd speakers to dinner outside and within get those bluetooth speakers on Apr 12, 2025 at 8:15 AM - 8:45 AM\n\ntemu laptop case cover that goes over the laptop check inch size? get this price per day cost of laptop down\n\nput some extra clothes in each car, and at mamas, and leave blueblockers in bag, for portability wherever i go\n\notavio and kuan can get amazon shit in june to ns, like barefoot shoes etc on Apr 20, 2025 at 9:00 AM - 9:30 AM\n\nwould be cool to have an aux speaker thing for my laptop, like jbl + aux. order the battery when i have that mrr\n\nget a water filter for each tap that i wanna get water from: outside kitchen and bathroom perhaps. find em online.\n\non personal site: do directives: shop read etc. and link adampang.com/shop to anchormarianas itll be an outgoing link\n\nmerch would be cool for anchormarianas.com or some am / anchor short domain, still signifying the og domain and llc name\n\ngive david the viking looking guy kuan link for delivery. lets order magnesium glycinate on Apr 14, 2025 at 9:00 AM - 9:30 AM\n\nbarefoot shoes and socks, like for running and burns. this ties into the kuan's delivery app on Apr 23, 2025 at 9:00 AM - 9:30 AM\n\nget a water filter ph system that i can just hook up to any faucet, for clean drinking water. look into this. amazon? bryan johnson?\n\nget my mouse from room to work faster. get a mouse pad? add to shopping list? and a laptop stand, get that too. fix the shopping cart thing..\n\nget my mouse from room to work faster. get a mouse pad? add to shopping list? and a laptop stand, get that too. fix the shopping cart thing..\n\nget the blueblocking contact lens? huberman? one that looks normal? order bulk eyemasks and blueblockers for ns? on Apr 9, 2025 at 5:30 AM - 6:00 AM\n\ni can also order clothes online. temu and other online. do a wardrobe audit. see how much i have. get rid of bad. what do i feel i need more of? whats my budget, etc\n\nsend alisha the blueblockers link. and send otavio the eyemask link finish light90 and the public sleep leaderboard from all wearables. easy for referall codes and **\n\nget the bluetooth speakers and setup a music listening room in a vip room w a firestick setup.. to watch movies and listen to music on Apr 9, 2025 at 3:30 AM - 4:00 AM\n\nmy hair arangemebt with homies makes it simple its a positive constraint like jobs turtleneck, takes guesswork out of hair. what other areas in life can i repeat this and take guess work out?\n\nparse clothes, note which needs more quantity of quality, bulk sell for best price or whatever, consignment with pricing algo idk, and order temu what i need most of, make a plan of what quantity of quality clothes is good enough\n\n3d print/buy temu laptop stand, the kind i want. can get taller and taller with modular height? like a lego, but slanted for better typing, while laptop still at eyelevel. maybe the last modular block at the top is more gradual. increases alertness, better posture, etc.\n\nfigure out fasted way to get cart to 50 bucks, and order that. or get shopee lazada to work and get packages free. also order more headbands. also hairties to make tiny buns to make a clean slick back look, tiny man bun lol. anyone got a couple of hair ties? asking for a friend..\n\nmake an anchor marianas ig and socials and post the presale dashboard with online store. come and see what you like. build a community. people already know me irl, just contain it. its not like nivi is bombarded irl, hes a nobody in the fame grand scheme but amazing sidekick to naval oof\n\nglow in dark balls, 2 area not blinding floor lights chargeable waterproof like a jbl, and a speaker for vibes lol, and local legends, they can rate games and have a public private calendar. can follow each other on soccer social, then once i nail soccer, ill scale to basketball w local experts like colin santiago or something\n\n