“looks like a toy or bad idea at the time”… adventurepath\n\nbring music stuff to NS. fix JBL speaker so we have music\n\n"be extreme": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5JDlTjzT0c\n\nmake vibecheck and release to ns, also helps with karaoke\n\nbuilding toward a rick and morty future. watch this again\n\nwe never said 100 “consecutive days” * nervous laughter *\n\nuse your taste with the menu of life. is life like poker?\n\ninterview divya for pod. arjun. arthur. lukalot. who else?\n\n~ clear goals, immediate feedback, challenge-skill balance\n\nbe proud of being scrappy and finding value in rare places\n\nwhere sleep is number 1 priority crazy russian hacker meme\n\nmake the ns a reality so its mental and physical alignment\n\nfind the sleeping mask on Feb 8, 2025 at 5:00 PM - 5:30 PM\n\n1 self. 100 male friends. 10 female friends. 1 girlfriend.\n\nget massage but no happy ending lol. snuggle w your demons\n\nget paid asap by dad and do the digital nomad visa thiing.\n\nkeep the passport and docs and wallet safe. fix the safe..\n\nif you live in the future, you can help others time travel\n\ngrok priority cal deep think this. adventure capitalism :)\n\nwe have it so good at ns. i forgot haha! how stupid i was!\n\nevery day is an experiment, an offering to God, to infinity\n\nget in touch with the guam stroll guam and good2go founders\n\ninterview boyd varty and rafe kelley. embodying and nature.\n\nget a survival kit in truck, learn the 8020 survival skills\n\nemail sivers elon dubai on Feb 6, 2025 at 1:30 PM - 2:00 PM\n\ndance at wednesday night markets? cha cha with manamkos lol\n\ndance at wednesday night markets? cha cha with manamkos lol\n\ngo to a place in nature with cool people. fuckin ns.com lol\n\nalso fruit is literally made for animals to eat. LOVE FRUIT\n\nalso fruit is literally made for animals to eat. LOVE FRUIT\n\ndocument the bootcamp journey.. also youtube like huberman?\n\nangie laundry lady says she knows good hiking group / spots\n\ni woke up from my american dream, hope it happens tonight..\n\nalcohol and tattoos but none of the poison.. and reversible\n\nlook into primal.net on Apr 24, 2025 at 10:00 AM - 10:30 AM\n\nmy mind is still sore from the shrooms, it got blasted open\n\ngamify life. its an open world mmorpg that you get to play!\n\ncreate curate elevate, with wealth, friends, and girlfriends\n\ndo video tweets instead of word tweets. tiny vlogs, thoughts\n\ngot helps me learn connect dots all the way to the frontier.\n\nget jacked and upgrade style. high authenticity high quality\n\ninto nature. exploratory locomotor play. use hands. wrestle.\n\ninto nature. exploratory locomotor play. use hands. wrestle.\n\ninto nature. exploratory locomotor play. use hands. wrestle.\n\nan increase in travel-capacity makes the world much smaller.\n\n"never let a mistake go to waste" trial and error is the way\n\naishia ns book dm thing on Apr 20, 2025 at 7:30 AM - 8:00 AM\n\nget an electric boat for fun and for going to singapore fast\n\nsee nana again sometime on Jun 11, 2025 at 4:00 AM - 4:30 AM\n\nlet me live a cool life, then my words will hold more weight\n\nlive so you like you first. how? body of work: clips and apps\n\nevery next project should make the last feel like a footnote.\n\nalso do singapore story time thread, etc. do the life thread?\n\nuntil you create things, you dont see the miracles around you\n\nkeep trying things youve never tried, that may hold potential\n\ninfinite players are infinitely patient to finding each other\n\ndo another karaoke. dress well, more mics. its natural to me.\n\nnsradio 1 8020 step.. on Apr 23, 2025 at 12:30 noon - 1:00 PM\n\nif i can prove to master"" guam, i can "master" bigger minimas\n\ndeath is a 1 way door, so lets see what we can do in this life\n\npoker teaches that you must put something on the line to gain.\n\ndo a pod with ved? who else? check IG and X, same mag fame +-1\n\nlive at the limits of you ability, thats it. eudaimonia shit..\n\nhistory is running in reverse, but itll run in reverse again..\n\nmake the shawshank when the bus comes in meme for april 1st ns\n\nso we go back to a pagan world then back to a christian world?\n\ndigital nomad visa whatever / make a visa run calc? put in cal\n\ndude if we just teamed up we could pull way more, together lol\n\ni feel a childhood magic again, im new to this world again lol\n\nthe fastest way to get out of your head is to go into your body\n\nget golf clubs from dad and play with nino. hang out w him more\n\nmake music again and release on soundcloud spotify etc. youtube\n\nmaybe the stakes are so huge that risking fame is a small price\n\nwhat if we elonized guams legal codebase. doge it. talk w byron\n\nfind the nomad visa on ns dot come slash wiki, and send to mama\n\ni kept telling myself “do not forget what you saw in singapore”\n\nfind a place to surf around here. malaysia etc. rent surfboards\n\nsee auntie rese eventually on Jun 12, 2025 at 7:00 AM - 7:30 AM\n\nfollow whats interesting/fun. so just keep following curiosity?\n\ni identify with sokka. from a small tribe, incompetent at first\n\nfind work that feels like play, but also go so hard in the play.\n\nwe dont know what we dont know, lets keep exploring and learning\n\n~ the best way to get out of your head is to get into your body.\n\nlearn especially from people and things super different from you\n\ngo to the club, rave, just dont ingest shit. go to zoh w friends\n\ndm zach yadegari same thing? on Feb 6, 2025 at 5:30 PM - 6:00 PM\n\nget back to the continental usa asap. ton nyc andor sandovals sf\n\nattend w john? For the parents out there: https://lu.ma/jucfh11i\n\ncheck seb homies text on Apr 23, 2025 at 12:00 noon - 12:30 noon\n\nits like living at yc and adult summer tech camp and yadda yadda\n\ngetting away from the noise for a bit, like the bill gates thing\n\nthe tribe converges on the camp. truth seekers converge on truth.\n\nit doesnt matter how accurate you are if you dont fire any arrows\n\nit is through the testing that you will find your own unique path\n\nhave that anthony kiedis confidence, have the long hair and flair\n\nhave that anthony kiedis confidence, have the long hair and flair\n\nput all my clips on X to tiktok and youtube too? shorts and shit?\n\nget a prophet and look into lucid dreaming again and psychadelics\n\nmaybe if you open the fridge one more time there will be new food\n\nwe could do a solo song, then duo, then solo, then “maddy finale”\n\ni want to see what my heroes saw, make a heroes list on adampang?\n\nns should really have a great theater and we can watch apocolypto\n\nsam reed bonfire bday? on Apr 19, 2025 at 12:00 noon - 12:30 noon\n\nmaximize irl and url podcasts / conversations. activities and shit\n\nget some anchormarianas.com merch like stickers??? ask uncle ferdi\n\nbro were gonna have 10x the quantity and quality of elons. yo.....\n\nfigure out where to shower and sleep and get what i need from bags\n\ngo sauna ask dawn. hot bath.. on Apr 16, 2025 at 9:00 AM - 9:30 AM\n\nsauna is block d on Apr 8, 2025 at 12:00 midnight - 12:30 midnight\n\nns matters? haha: https://x.com/jawwwn_/status/1938597089614635264\n\ni like haaland because he knows how to have a good laugh. hes cool\n\nbe so good they cant ignore you. be strong be good. goku. aaragorn.\n\nhave a bunch of celebrations, experiment, then repeat the best ones\n\nchange your environment to see what stays the same and what changes\n\nhave a water supply power and bottle and clothes and towel in truck\n\nbuild something cool and the network emerges from the great unknown\n\nbuild something cool and the network emerges from the great unknown\n\ngo hard from sun up to sun down. go soft from moon up to moon down.\n\nlord of the rings watch party? on Apr 19, 2025 at 8:30 AM - 9:00 AM\n\ntry matcha from ns cafe. iherb on Apr 22, 2025 at 6:30 AM - 7:00 AM\n\nyou gotta experiment and get real feedback, its like poker w nature\n\nwhen i go back to ns and restart the diary, insert les goh pic haha\n\nstaying for 12 more months (with breaks like a verse chorus bridge)\n\ncreate exceptional things and share them w the world. solve problems\n\nwhen i gots money, travel and shit??? live and level up so I like me\n\nlove something more than yourself, turning the eros arrow outward!!!\n\nremember to be internet first, there are 1/8,000,000 people on guam.\n\nleaf blow the outside and garage on Feb 4, 2025 at 2:00 PM - 2:30 PM\n\ncheck zelda nautilus weekly call on Feb 6, 2025 at 2:00 PM - 2:30 PM\n\nafter psychadelics: “insert gandalf: “oh thats what they called me””\n\nfind the sauna. mili was talking about it. 10 minutes from the hotel\n\nfind the school of hard knocks dubai people hed recently interviewed\n\n"home is where the heart is" and "youve got a heart right there" lol\n\ncontinuous self learner self experimenter, problem solve, play, love\n\nplay infinite games with infinite game players (integrity above all)\n\nwere still freshmen basically its been 7 months max for some members\n\ntalk about me sneaking in after dont die and network state last year\n\nit feels like a special economic zone, but also a twilight zone haha\n\nthe more you walk the known tunnel, the brighter the light at the end\n\nwork on a silly project, get silly revenue. what > how. slope > y-int\n\n- its the nuclear of psychonautics (can be super useful, terrible PR)\n\nhave lunch with mama and share the vision of indiehcaking and my plan\n\ngo to a club for fun, blueblockers. don't drink, just dance and shit.\n\nwhat if you thought insanely big? what if you thought insanely small?\n\nthe biggest risk is taking no risk. entropy AND mobility are greater.\n\ngo from online mutuals, to a dm, to phone call, to video call, to irl\n\nif you dont cringe and smile at the past, idk if youre doing it right\n\nhang around wealth creators and friendship creators and love creators\n\nnoteworthy stunts. high authenticity, high quality. like pmfordie.com\n\nwe can all make it. we can all have a huge fuckin pie / wooly mammoth\n\nmusic and nature and psychadelics and temperature heals and wrestling\n\nbring the startup kids club people straight into ns. “captive market”\n\nlife is like poker except you can know the cards and the pot can grow\n\nsend stephan psychadelic imagery on Apr 14, 2025 at 8:00 AM - 8:30 AM\n\na papercut team. get a bunch of water and keep in fridge in my room..\n\nbuy an electric guitar and amp? on Apr 20, 2025 at 9:30 AM - 10:00 AM\n\npost things that not everyone posts. preselection. visible competence.\n\ntalk w adrian martinez again? and broderick? and nautilus weekly calls\n\nwhat is risk, putting something on the line, like poker. gain and loss\n\n- do 100 thing. find your footing. list what you learned with each rep\n\nif you follow the magic (best of the set), you will grow as a creator.\n\nsolve your problems to unlock BETTER problems. life doesnt stop though\n\n- eustress daily: cold shower, pushups, kettles, sunhills, soccer, etc\n\nget a job in sf and live at the sandovals while i get back on my feet?\n\nunfakeable "stunts" is how people get attention. things you cant fake.\n\ncandles at dinner outside. would be cool. beach bonfire? get a lighter\n\nim not looking for your love. im trying to level up and live life well\n\ninteract with one friend today, go into nature, move your body somehow.\n\nif it can work in the worst conditions, it will work in all conditions.\n\nyou cant think yourway through everything, some things must be embodied\n\nanother sentient being can take us somewhere that we cant go ourselves.\n\nfind all the people on nautilus and find their ig and x. zed is awesome\n\nwatch avatar the last airbender and watch behind the scenes vid somehow\n\nget bikes for the coworking trip? figure rhis out. cheap foldable bikes\n\ndo you have the scars to prove it? on Apr 12, 2025 at 8:45 AM - 9:15 AM\n\nfigure out visa run shit soonish..  on Apr 8, 2025 at 5:30 AM - 6:00 AM\n\nhelp sauna setup, but buildathon.. on Apr 20, 2025 at 9:00 AM - 9:30 AM\n\neverything gave me everything, so i gotta give everything to everything\n\nsubstance not time, exemplar is kid jesus in the temple, or lamine yamal\n\nnana list and waterblast the garage on Jan 27, 2025 at 7:00 AM - 7:30 AM\n\nlesson learned: 9am burn on the dot to get out of mental sport breakfast\n\nhang around wealth creators, friendship creators, girlfriendship creators\n\n"on X, i like showing how nature knows no bounds, examples in many doma…"\n\n"i play sport because its social exercise. make it social to increase m…"\n\non X, i like showing how nature knows no bounds, examples in many domains\n\nfigure out new way to do ice bath. water chiller + hose + cold plunge tub\n\neither deliberate problem solving, andor fun playful curiosity projects..\n\ngive the oyster to olena for incense on Apr 25, 2025 at 8:00 AM - 8:30 AM\n\nunfollow tons of people on ig and x. on Jun 11, 2025 at 5:00 AM - 5:30 AM\n\ni feel bad for my sad self. objectively and subjectively.. i miss skate 3\n\ni feel bad for my sad self. objectively and subjectively.. i miss skate 3\n\nbook 1 in the trilogy done.. the story unfolds lets write this story well\n\ni can also build wealth and move to thailand or whatever. nomads.com style\n\nlargely, games are distractions. you are ALREADY in a game of games: life.\n\n- friendship is the meaning of life, I must find my people, wherever I can\n\nbro why am i so extreme i want to live extremely well. just solve problems\n\ndo more podcasts, find people 3 mag fame that i genuinely want to talk to.\n\nbe an x reply guy again? gains engagement? 100k? more material for riffing\n\nfind jacqueline and hannnah from ns on socials. they are wife material lol\n\nget the laundry from the reception? on Apr 24, 2025 at 10:00 AM - 10:30 AM\n\npsychedelics are death rehearsal. im more scared of living than death haha\n\ninvite people that are different and along the path / higher along the path\n\nmake outdoor face to face content. just be authentic. share authentic shit.\n\nmaybe psychadelics will be the catalyst for the next golden age of the west\n\nthrough a question, an open mind, an experiment, you can make out its shape\n\nim in love with life. think of yourself less, think of everything else more\n\nfind your vectors and your tribe will orbit and self select along that axis\n\nget adampang.com stickers? that seems a bit needy. maybe anchormarianas.com\n\ninvisibility is a death sentence. maybe visibility is a death sentence? idk\n\ni gotta be in a mystical experience with psychadelics. try again in my life\n\nthanks again mama for this opportunity. side note: i gotta solve mahalang..\n\ndont make the same mistake: going back to guam. do it out of fear and love?\n\nwhen painted into a corner, jump into the sky. there is always a third way.\n\nmaybe i can go from studio apartment to coworking. sometimes i wanna hide..\n\nhey i have candy, you want candy? hey i have this song, wanna listen to it?\n\ngo to the schelling point for your highest priority life game youre playing\n\nis it easier to move to a better place, or make a better place? guam vs usa.\n\nmessage miku for a girl?: https://www.instagram.com/direct/t/112553150140007\n\nturn the 10 picture ig carausels into reels. but live a 10 pic carousel life\n\nwere fuckin stag huntin.. there is actual abundance out there to go and get.\n\nsmall experiments. just see if x will work, have a backup plan. fearset shit.\n\nmaybe i should do shrooms again from the same guy that mig found. with sissy?\n\nreach out to the online and offline communities that im drawn to. just let go\n\n“this has happened before” sucks the fear of the unknown out of the situation\n\nhow i feel in bootcamp: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/GbyjKmQXMAYoLbz.jpg:large\n\nAs wild as prehistoric dinosaurs are to us, the future can be just as strange\n\ntake a pic of st michael and send to nino on Apr 8, 2025 at 2:00 AM - 2:30 AM\n\nwarpcast will be for indihacking while at ns. see if balaji still posts there\n\n“homesick” “cabin fever” just life in general. many fires. prioritize and act\n\nbeing away 1 month makes it feel like march again. unsure, hopeful, naive idk\n\nbeing away 1 month makes it feel like march again. unsure, hopeful, naive idk\n\nmaybe its only through action sometimes where you can know things for certain\n\nmusic, philosophy, tech, athletics, art. i want to be a full human, full life.\n\nshared trials and understandings remain for life, like a unifying theory thing\n\nyo yo v2. A friend and I snuck in last year, but now we're doing it legit lol.\n\nwhat am i really interested in? sleep, soccer, wealth creation, love and girls\n\nknowledge growth is unpredictable “you dont know what youll think up tomorrow”\n\ntalkk abouut 12 months of ns, would my 100 year old self regret this decision?\n\nbuild something awesome, and the network will emerge. 1000 clips. 1000 commits.\n\nwe need more enchantment in this new age, in modernity. wonder and awe and flow\n\n- always day 1 mentality. always reset. always checkpoint in the game. serenity\n\nthe heros journey happens all at once on 12 different dimensions ans storylines\n\n- have a fierce sense of urgency. a bright richness vibrancy intensity for life\n\ngo to uog stuff w miguel and flirt w girls? on Feb 4, 2025 at 5:30 PM - 6:00 PM\n\nme nate miguel jam sesh? work on the song on Feb 4, 2025 at 11:00 AM - 11:30 AM\n\nwealth and fame follow each other like dopamine and testosterone and adrenaline\n\ni think id prefer projects with shorter input output cycle times.. graduate up?\n\nbe a tinkerer. embrace the unknown for convex gains instead of pure knowledge..\n\nremember your priorities, there is a proper order of operations to destiny haha\n\nim just gonna live my best life. my friends will emerge at the schelling points\n\nget the balls out of your court till its just you and your own personal projects\n\ndo psychadelics in nature? how did the ancients do it? how does modernity do it?\n\nput mouse in backpack for faster laptop-ing on Apr 19, 2025 at 9:00 AM - 9:30 AM\n\nideation is not the problem, go to scifi, the question is timing and execution..\n\na lot changed in a month holy shit. positive nevative changes whatever but still\n\na lot changed in a month holy shit. positive nevative changes whatever but still\n\ntalk is cheap, actions and reality stress test your thoughts. experiment, fearset\n\nget back the white pukka bracelet at mamas, behind the wall? nah. dont waste time\n\nget back the white pukka bracelet at mamas, behind the wall? nah. dont waste time\n\nif you keep playing a game and having fun, there are still thing to learn from it.\n\ni need a nature connection, with hands. exploratory locomotor play. every weekend?\n\nim fine doing the ns bootcamp as long as i get sleep. sun down to sun up thats all\n\n"it will be the hardest thing you do, but the tools will feel light in your hands"\n\ncheck the incognita discord announcement? on Apr 24, 2025 at 11:30 AM - 12:00 noon\n\nlife is an open world game its amazing, idk if youve noticed, but life is amazing.\n\ni can also work at uog business building. revisit the dragons that burned me before\n\nget famous through visible competence, so just solve problems, and show that i can.\n\nthis has to be a 10/10 episode: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CK2UaaOqbl0&t=2194s\n\nask collete to take her up on the surfing offer. what board do i need to get again?\n\ncheck cj and refollow brandon marsh on socials? on Feb 6, 2025 at 8:00 AM - 8:30 AM\n\nyou need the openness to try the new out there in the unknown, AND you need the con\n\nget more potatoes from idi damaged for mama, and then make roasted potatoes for her\n\nthere is a post-workout clarity that is interesting when “captured” / experienced..\n\nwe should dance more. fuckin embarass yourself on Apr 20, 2025 at 7:30 AM - 8:00 AM\n\nhey son - should be on your birth certificate. on Apr 22, 2025 at 4:30 AM - 5:00 AM\n\ngotta practice the dinner improv musical thing on Apr 24, 2025 at 1:00 PM - 1:30 PM\n\nthink what hasnt been thought, do what hasnt been done, build what hasnt been built\n\ncheck chovin for the farcaster reference thing on Jun 12, 2025 at 6:00 AM - 6:30 AM\n\nthe more money you have, the more global physical reach you have, in terms of travel\n\ndance more. sing more. cook more. produce and not just consume. 1-2 glasses of wine.\n\ngoated scene: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-hUV9yhqgY this is like ns lowkey lol\n\ndo a pod, with the side characters of my heroes, in that admiration vector cluster..\n\ni really wonder how the next 10 20 30 40 years will go for the people ive met here..\n\ninterview uncle stan's son. vertically network? nah just do great work and express it\n\nif i had 1 day to live, or an infinite amount, how would that change the way i lived?\n\ninvite eunice to a wine night at mamas? but what are we actually gonna do? just feel.\n\ndo another karaoke ahead of time like a weekend or something in befween donovans 996.\n\nput on anchormarianas site that there are infinite other project ideas you dont see..\n\nif you are at your death bed, youd want to think no?: "i want to do that again".. wow\n\nremember that were just big kids haha, its such a funny lens to view people through..\n\nyou gotta go where people cant/wont, then charge them for the portal to where you went\n\nnina nino date. refollow borjas, people can also follow me first... get clubs from dad\n\nmore wine buy cheap wine. check if nana has. sunset start drinking so its not too late\n\nwhen you find a banger youtube video with 4 likes, ygmi. low popularity, high quality.\n\nIM PLAYING MINECRAFT IRL!!!! IM DESIGNING PIGVILLE BUT ITS REAL!!! this is insane.....\n\n“for all of those who got rejected by mama zelda” on Apr 19, 2025 at 9:30 AM - 10:00 AM\n\n6-7 birthday dinner. practice with the bali bros on Apr 24, 2025 at 11:00 AM - 11:30 AM\n\nim just grateful and happy to be here. in this life, in this life, on this planet haha.\n\npeople can really change immensely. if external or internal forces rumble, shake them up\n\nstory time for singapore, for candy business. for bamboo ladder with pics if i can find.\n\n~ how can i cultivate awe and perspective today? how can i be smaller and more grateful?\n\ndo a pod with the best nautilus people. just recording a conversation. post 100 minutes.\n\nmake a we miss you. past present and future ns site on Apr 13, 2025 at 5:30 AM - 6:00 AM\n\nbe sure to win and help win at ns. they give me so much so help them. infinite game shit\n\nwriting and meditating are just as hard as weightlifting, at least thats straightforward\n\nfeels like an island of misfit toys, i feel like that. outcasts that band together? haha\n\nrizz up more guys with value adds and timeless valuable activities and creative collabing\n\nif you arent a good small game player, you dont have the practice for the big game plays.\n\njust riff with people, see who escalates, 8020 always applies, but dont cut off everyone.\n\ncall solid waste for the deep freeze and fans today on Feb 6, 2025 at 10:00 AM - 10:30 AM\n\nrafe kelley is a druid. vervaeke is a wizard: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2nKw-ElI3s\n\ni love the win forum its like the “elon what did you get done this week” but positive lol\n\nnetwork school of rock. musical improv roast for  on Apr 24, 2025 at 12:30 noon - 1:00 PM\n\nits nice to meet people from all around the world, it opens your mind and new experiences\n\nits nice to meet people from all around the world, it opens your mind and new experiences\n\ni just want 1 dollar then 10 then 100 then 1000 then 10000 ill break my PR personal record\n\nmake something that could be big, that rich people would buy, that i would personally use.\n\nspace is the latest dlc of life. psychedelics are also amazing and awe inspiring as well..\n\nspace is the latest dlc of life. psychedelics are also amazing and awe inspiring as well..\n\ntalk about the half blood prince's notebook + the every guide should feel like a cheatsheet\n\nive been trying to indiehack since comparrow lol. das my baby, lets call it todont or hower\n\nor sidewalks unlock buses and healthier people: dededo sports and people trying to exercise\n\ncross pollinate across people and scenes and cultures and interests and sources. YES AND...\n\nin 2100, i wanna see both cyberpunk and solarpunk just by travelling. diff parts of the map\n\nwhat is the hardware playbook? learn as much online, projects, get a job, reach out twitter\n\nmake sure i have optionality with another caliber girl on Jan 27, 2025 at 6:30 PM - 7:00 PM\n\ngo to more uog events w miguel for the girls, and talk to em, get igs or send em my website\n\ni was always alive, but now i feel alive again. massive difference. zombies meaning crisis?\n\nim documenting for me first, if you wanna experience the journey alongside youre welcome to\n\ni was always alive, but now i feel alive again. massive difference. zombies meaning crisis?\n\nim documenting for me first, if you wanna experience the journey alongside youre welcome to\n\ndo nature philosophy reels. bangers from X prompts. interesting topics like how balaji riffs\n\ni know its not me necessarily, its that im in a local minima, im on guam. be internet-first.\n\nim finding new better ways of doing things in life at a blistering rate, its so fun so flowy\n\ndo heroic dose again? is this the short run? its not free lunch… do not deify or demonize it\n\nwhen i get to 100 ig stories and posts, start to clean up, curate that shit. doubt? no doubt\n\ndip your toes in many pools before going into the deep end. breadth and depth experimentation\n\ntext more girls on guam via ig. check amelias friends or something oof lol. uhh check reagan.\n\nby going to uog more, theres a better setup because theyre low on guys, so its a better ratio\n\nyou can do something challenging AND have it be play. its just playing on the hard difficulty\n\nmake a saturday massage/grocery run group chat? discord.. on Apr 8, 2025 at 7:30 AM - 8:00 AM\n\nmake a forest city football club meme just like man city on Apr 25, 2025 at 9:00 AM - 9:30 AM\n\nits their loss if they reject you. IF youre actually an infinite game player for the long haul\n\nim tired of being in the stands, im going into the arena. shouldnt even say it. show dont tell\n\nwhat are the paths before me, school, job, code media, lets see what happens at network state.\n\nI was gone for 3 hours, it was intense, my brain felt really sore for the first day especially\n\nserve yourself, then share to people along that same problem vector. just solve fun problems..\n\nyeah the conversation of different places and communities, like cities and ambition, is real..\n\nyou need to love it because you need the endurance and grit to see these giant projects through\n\ntry to get ns points for karaoke. this could cost me 10k in like 10 years oof. talk to jackson?\n\ntry to get ns points for karaoke. this could cost me 10k in like 10 years oof. talk to jackson?\n\nreading big waves doesnt matter if you cant surf. get yourself under control, then mag up and up\n\nexploratory locomotor play, thats what we experienced in medicine cave. and ITS MEDICINE CAVE!!!\n\nto solve mahalang for people at ns, can do google maps and vr and music, to make em feel at home\n\nsee the 3d forest city model and talk to the sales office.. on Apr 13, 2025 at 3:30 AM - 4:00 AM\n\ncheck the buildathon tutorial page thing and discord thread on Apr 19, 2025 at 8:00 AM - 8:30 AM\n\n"substack ns based called "letters from the edge of the world"". have subscribers to newsletter?\n\nblack coffee is my nzt127 or whatever the number is. going from starving artist to wealthy artist\n\ntry things you havent. at least youll know in practice what would happen, and not just in theory.\n\nget the /pod page up, then ask people if they wanna do a pod. i wanna see what theyre up to first\n\nwrite about the scrappy makers and the scale of projects they can work on for each budget bracket\n\nthe frontier is also found in niche feeds and forums: reddit, warpcast, airchat, stuff like that.\n\nand with my need for novelty, im experimenting with more sports (id only play soccer for 2 years)\n\ncheck guam water chillers, check quinn, check revive people on Feb 8, 2025 at 11:00 AM - 11:30 AM\n\n1/8 million is the "bridges ive burnt" the internet is the new start. go viral on ig reels and X.\n\nif when dad sends the 1st 1k, thats enough income for the malaysia digital nomad visa, THEN apply\n\nmake a boston meme but its ns. leaving a dying planet behind on Apr 13, 2025 at 6:00 AM - 6:30 AM\n\ntruth cannot be unseen. you see the light at the end, the path before you, then just walk the path\n\ndo another heroic dose at sunset, by myself with an awesome sitter, on the ground already, eyemask\n\nget as high status as jfk, he has mistresses and stuff. have the ability to do bad things but dont\n\ndid some research and it says you can just slip the blueprint envelope into the same courier pack.\n\nsometimes life is 1000% serious and scary. sometimes its -10% serious and hilarious! what a world!\n\nbe free from the shackles of expectation. freedom is so fun, this heavy world can be feel so light.\n\ndon: yo whats your whatsapp? if you wanna lift were going 530 on Feb 9, 2025 at 11:00 AM - 11:30 AM\n\ni fuckin know my tier: amelia, this cute girl at songfest in the crowd, keep searching, dont settle\n\nwere all in one big ship, building the ship, shifting crew.. make a gpt photo of this / pinterest..\n\nreminds me of lost. the show, like a plane crash on an island haha. "cloud to land, they say" haha.\n\nwrite about spy kids and people sticking to the games theyre good at, but it may be the wrong game.\n\ndifferent people have different parts of the map in their heads. talk to each other and share notes.\n\nsorta my life philosophy: death is a one way door, so lets see what we can make out of this one life\n\nok now only go for conversations with 4 mags fame. on X and IG. irl and url. a mixed hybrid approach\n\nalso reach ouut to cool people that follow me on X, that are fame mag similar, to have that cal link\n\npodcast w uncle stans son? work outward from existing network. 6 degrees of seperation from everyone\n\nget rid of upward spiral, psychadelics do that for you, same for adventure parh, its a meta solution\n\ngo to the frontiers, good project ideas should feel like a gap in reality that you can uniquely fill\n\ndo that bali trip thing w joe mattia. for peychadelics and shit on Apr 22, 2025 at 7:00 AM - 7:30 AM\n\nredemption songs for lucas maady and friends. practice and sing on Apr 21, 2025 at 6:30 AM - 7:00 AM\n\nalso realizing that i dont even know myself as much as i thought. so im on a quest of self-discovery\n\nsaying no right now feels right. i proved i could engage with that type of world, but cross pollinate\n\npost the life story thread with branching storytimes. with ai pics and pics to show what it was like.\n\nso its basically like im gonna be doing a pmf or die with someone else. but who? a hardcore dude too?\n\nthe bad is next to the good. experiment. try. see things in practice to the best of your understanding\n\nhave conversations with people on X and IG. people that energize me and im curious about and i admire.\n\ngo as fast as you can, in a way you can do for a long time. prep for the marathon, sprint when you can\n\nwhat are things that i uniquely can do on the world stage? maybe philosophy, indiehacking, generalist?\n\npartner with zelda / harry gandhi, cooperating with the 1517 team is natural with the balaji project..\n\n2 totally different worlds. diff people. its like im playing tetris, and then its suddenly super mario\n\n2 totally different worlds. diff people. its like im playing tetris, and then its suddenly super mario\n\nwhat if we do walk and talk conversations like mili, but better angle. record a conversation naturally.\n\ninterview people / podcast with people that i genuinely want to talk to and learn from. people i admire\n\nthe life ive been living the last 4 years can be behind me. in the next 4 years, i can be a new person.\n\nbeing an adult doesnt mean you cant be child-like. imagine a really fuckin mature 5 year old, like that\n\nOn visakanv. Do one for each hero that i feel something about. I can always add or remove what i share.\n\nns quest logs. making life more like an mmorpg.. for real.. life is the real game.. flowmaxx and shit..\n\nwhere do my heroes live? move there. the people creating wealth, friendships, girlfriendships. thailand?\n\nsolving problems with play, effortlessly, is the best spot you wanna be in. low cost problem solving lol\n\njust learn, follow curiosity. find the gaps in the world that you uniquely can create, leverage, and own\n\nshare media and create startups around philosophy, technology, music, soccer, etc. my genuine obsessions\n\nafter i get wealthy, go in nature and do another heroic dose or lsd? also prospera roatan shopping list.\n\nimaginative, seeking, curiosity. risky narrow predictions? creative guesses.. like artists art audience.\n\nset up the bjj mats to wrestle and play and gymnastics and shit.. on Apr 21, 2025 at 10:00 AM - 10:30 AM\n\nwhat if i just do it badly on purpose? to get started. if you do it "on purpose" it can't be a "failure"\n\nwrite about the coolness of the edo period, and were going back to “dragons be here” and a dark internet\n\nfindd that soundcloud thailand or indonesia boy on a bicycle pic looking at a great flag city in the sky\n\nknow in practice, not just in theory. TRY things, the best ideas you have, in every moment, in every day.\n\nday job is stable guaranteed income, nights and weekends code and media is unknown but high upside income\n\nthe world is the best book to learn from. the world and life is the real school. be book and street smart\n\ntravelling the world can also be psychadelic and frame breaking for sure. vr? overton effect? AR glasses?\n\nget super jacked with nice long hair, like anthony kiedis, uncle roke, sorta like jacob from twilight lol\n\nwhat are things that make people feel comfortable and connect fast? sport music, what are the lindy shit?\n\nthe paypal mafia did a stag hunt, they were full of great hunters that banded together, like a dream team\n\nill see where life takes me. like how the tides are out of control but you can steer and paddle your boat\n\nill see where life takes me. like how the tides are out of control but you can steer and paddle your boat\n\naggresively seek out creative collaborators, friends, girlfriends. well for girlfriends is more of fishing\n\nlife is a magical odyssey to be experienced. after material needs, go for experiences. projects and people\n\nwork is a loaded term conjures an image of a cubicle and white shirt. the work i do is indiehacking a game\n\ndo what yoreu like to do, where the input is play, even if theres no output yet. transformations, not time\n\nkeep looking. dont settle. youll know when you find it. so im in searching mode. just 100 songs. 100 apps.\n\nfinish siftbest set up karaoke. futsal. you only know what you like. the audience comes last but not never\n\nsee the learnathon lunches and dinners will be provided at coworking.. on Apr 9, 2025 at 4:00 AM - 4:30 AM\n\nnetworkstates.com like nomads.com. it should show up on nomads.com on Apr 19, 2025 at 12:30 noon - 1:00 PM\n\ni have the blood of conquerors and voyagers. its like zuko finding out he had the blood of sozin AND roku.\n\nim exploring the space and learning, im not here for conclusions all the time, ill have questions a lot too\n\nget a dog, helps with another sentient being, helps with girls??? helps with stress and something beyond me\n\ncourage is absolutely the enemy. at the same time, be careful and use your head in where you point courage.\n\nreminds me of spykids 3, how they were OP in the game but pathetic in “real life”. diff dimensions almost..\n\nhey colette, i may need to take you up on that surfing offer, what foam board to get from cost u less again?\n\ntolerant change, the great unknown is where the gains are at, and the dangers. brush up on the heros journey\n\ncheck this https://x.com/storyhunterkaz/status/1893388210664804408?s=46 on Apr 20, 2025 at 7:00 AM - 7:30 AM\n\nlikin pve wealth creation and being an artistic wealth creator just like soccer. be on offense and defense..\n\ni feel my past self and future self cheering me on. im gonna give to those guys. i know them lol theyre real\n\nnever forget the long game. youll find other infinity players and also, just tons of other stuff unimaginable\n\nfind the side characters of my heroes and reach out to them. well do something great and the network emerges.\n\nDon’t take yourself too seriously. learn about neuromancer. find the exemplars fav books on that pink website\n\nnever be an invisible man. the biggest risk in this world is not taking any risk. fuck it, jump into the cold.\n\nyou can expect this blog to start messy, and ill clean it up along the way, and expand on topics i deem worthy\n\n9: go to Singapore for the Don't Die Summit (bryan johnson) + The Network State Conference (balaji srinivasan)\n\nthere are always problems. always knowledge creation. always solutions. always flow. always grit. always help?\n\ndo an ig carousel post where every pic is a “hell yeah!!!!” WOWOWOPWOWOPW on Apr 22, 2025 at 6:00 AM - 6:30 AM\n\nits like i struck gold, now i just gotta figure out how to capture the bag. i got a drip, now i need a tsunami.\n\nmake cool and useful (problem solving shit), show people tell people, see who riffs back, create curate elevate\n\nyou can reframe "the scary unknown" to a mystery, a string you can pull and find out, life can be an adventure.\n\nthe wine night with mig nia vance asia don. go to idi and tell eunice about the upgrade. you have an instagram?\n\nits confidence, and a numbers game. its like poker or baseball, each day is a new play, a whole new opportunity\n\nhelp maanasa w her documentary 10 year project. just talk to her about it on Apr 21, 2025 at 9:30 AM - 10:00 AM\n\nforest city man city merch idea. “your family thinks this is a cult” merch on Apr 25, 2025 at 7:00 AM - 7:30 AM\n\nso play the video games to study how i can apply it to my own life, the real game. go from symbolism to reality\n\nhave a cinematic like wow for every eyeland new island. make mounts and ships a thing, like one piece inclusion.\n\nconnect with good to go stroll guam people. talk about airtasker for guam. idk some tribelings here on island...\n\nshared trials breed friendships. its a proof of work and you know you gots each other when OTHER times get tough\n\nget out of the house (walk + people + serendipity) at least once a day. see other people and interact. practice.\n\n“fight ai fire w ai fire” for adventurepath. instead of trapped by ai girlfriends, use ai to stimulate but not…!\n\nthis blog is like my fermentation lab, and whatever i think is really good, ill highlight on twitter, IG whatever\n\nconnect with quinn from soccer, hes a cool guy. ice bath / primo surf / thailand / his mom needs help / AA stuff.\n\ntry another amelia caliber girl if amelia does not work out. another "at bat" on Feb 6, 2025 at 7:30 AM - 8:00 AM\n\nget dad vertical industries 1k thing asap so that i can get malaysia digital nomad visa. this is compounding shit\n\nget dad vertical industries 1k thing asap so that i can get malaysia digital nomad visa. this is compounding shit\n\n“in a world that is moving so fast, the biggest risk is taking no risk” failure is irrelevant unless catastrophic\n\nidea to text to 2d to 3d to physical manifestation. were playing minecraft irl, creative mode, modded minecraft..\n\nim excited to see my friends again. kindred spirits on the path. why do some people resonate and some dont? idk..\n\ngain an online presence, and then when i have the cash to travel, the online presence turns into a global presence\n\npersistently try new things, if you believe it can work for the unit effort, keep going. if its not a hit, switch!\n\ni was lucid dreaming in highschool, listening to gorillaz, experimenting with diets, candy business, bamboo ladder\n\n"it is darkest before the dawn", "opportunity often comes after hardship, tis a strange thing. pain is plasticity"\n\nfind the pod capsule hotel i stayed at at singapore and send to german thomas on Apr 13, 2025 at 3:00 AM - 3:30 AM\n\nWrite about “change line” and how improv teaches you how to switch the response to life’s contexts and scenarios..\n\njust keep building solutions to fun problems, just keep getting relevant attention to people with that problem too\n\nmaybe i should join spaceforce as a last resort. getting the recruitment bonus whatever. thats a 4 year commitment\n\nwhat will be my hubs in the sovereign age? guam singapore dubai miami austin check nomadlist. thailand bali mumbai?\n\ndo rock climbing and bjj more. DIALOGOS HELPS WITH BLIND SPOT AWARENESS. awareness understanding action reflection.\n\nhang out with jazmine and tachobo, and gabe castro and his gf perhaps. wine movie night whatever. peep the calendar\n\n*sigh* i just want to go to the gundo and do a beach bonfire ben franklin seance with the boys.. *insert sigh emoi*\n\nwe can all ship to vivaans house and then when we go to sg, we pickup from him, or figure out some central location\n\nwhere i live: internet, nomadlist url2irl network school. low cost. check life port. this is after i get out of debt\n\nhave wealth creation options by creating wealth and collabing. have sex options by creating attention and collabing.\n\nmaybe my ecology of practices is hiking soccer bjj? just do more nature and moving shit and wrestling and with hands\n\nshow that everyone misses the mark, show an image of an archer and missed and gotten arrows on the bullseyes of life\n\nshow that everyone misses the mark, show an image of an archer and missed and gotten arrows on the bullseyes of life\n\nill prove alec and seb wrong when it comes to career. give me flow. not to smite them lol but to be true to my vector\n\nperiod travel is great for frame breaks and perspectival feelings of different cultures and how they operate and live\n\nlook into terrance mckenna again. look at my old notes, look at how the ancients had done it. look at the modern way.\n\nask ved and vivaan to be roomates for cold AC? and where am i going to stay feb 28 night? gotta get good s tier sleep\n\ntry and do 1 shitty podcast for someone whos leaving, in the content studio. do 100 diff thing, then 100 thing depth.\n\nif youre not playing at life and having fun, maybe youre doing it wrong. life is a game, its not THAT serious.. idk..\n\nit doesnt need to be hard but it is a long road. walking isnt hard, but walking along a 1000 mile path is a long road.\n\na movie about a body swapper/shapeshifter like the cobbler, but can inhabit their minds and feel how it is to be them.\n\nadd the boys to the thai spa massage groupchat a seperate one.. chris the old guy on Apr 14, 2025 at 7:00 AM - 7:30 AM\n\ni wanna see the pre and post psychadelic mes, to see the difference, thats what i was curious about, with documentation\n\nsauna then idi then coding. take sauna pic. just ignore eunice. let her initiate initiation. movie night projector shit.\n\ntrim pubes somehow find scissors, buy scissors at jayagrocer, also psychadelics.. on Apr 16, 2025 at 10:00 AM - 10:30 AM\n\nwhat if i finished the 5 projects and just maintained them for the whole year, thatd be a good year staying here at ns..\n\nwhen its such a clearly good opportunity, a 10x opportunity, i couldnt live with myself if i said no to this opportunity\n\nwith future podcast guests, find people that really have something novel and cool to say. like how arjun pulls big guests\n\nim even different from these radically different people lol, well some.. new people will come, the uncommited will leave…\n\ntalk about the lived in world vs the not (ns), its like a new apartment, its gotta be lived in to make more cozy and shit\n\nwhat do i do in life? who can i interview on each front? just do riverside, post to youtube and spotify and x and whatever\n\nok now that im moving out and less family, i need to reach out to more people online and make internet friends. url to irl\n\nthese arent fake people with fake projects and fake money, these are real people. i gotta figure out how i can do the same\n\nindiehacking is like my old candy business, but instead of 100 classmate highschool, its the internet: 5.3 billion people.\n\nturn this into a spotify pod episode for people to listen to. or a local file: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsHetqB6f14\n\nturn this into a spotify pod episode for people to listen to. or a local file: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsHetqB6f14\n\npay the world what it takes to leave you alone? yet go into society to find the infinite game players: creatives and lovers\n\nupload the car solo clips, the miguel clips, uncle ferdi, and verda, and find banger moments in video and audio, and share.\n\nexperience transforms you and grants truths that cant come before the experience. "you just have to do it" see for yourself\n\nwhen you win a game, and get to the goal state at the end of that problem vector, you must stop playing. higher games await\n\ni need to get more powerful, stronger. need to be the person that gains resources and protects them, then attract a mate lol\n\neveryones got their own projects along their vectors. do you align? a couple is aligned on the project of a baby for example\n\nif i started with music, then do philosophy event, then do tech event. i wonder what the next big chapter of my life will be\n\nimagine its 5 years from now, thats the actual world, and you have this opportunity 5 years prior, now, to change the past..\n\nits cool to go to other places in the world and see the worst and best to see context on ns. like schenzhen, america stuff..\n\nits cool to go to other places in the world and see the worst and best to see context on ns. like schenzhen, america stuff..\n\ni dont know what im doing in life, but i love life so im commited to figuring that out. on a quest. ozymandias was forgotten\n\nthe people really are the best. you get used to it, the hedonic treadmill, but really its great. this is living in the future\n\nin my trip, the music kept coming in and out, and intensely, i did finish the playlist though. i feel a lack, i feel rejected\n\nits kinda funny i spent my adult life avoiding the military, talk about guam and 1 of 8. and now im in the tech military haha\n\nsee how many days i have left if i get rid of rent by going to nanas. see in life port. goal is to get to 4 mag days in wealth\n\nimaging getting a network society down to like 500 bucks a month.. cheap land, where? nomads.com? location location location..\n\nwork backward from dream wife. hypergamy height values etc. make moves like nomads etc etc on Apr 8, 2025 at 3:00 AM - 3:30 AM\n\nget the sf hackerhouse from nautilus quest to come to ns? any hackerhouse directories? on Apr 19, 2025 at 12:30 noon - 1:00 PM\n\nfor elon, probably, the game is mars, money is a piece of the game, but he finished and stopped playing "that game" after zip2\n\ni plan to just word-vomit a ton of posts, see what i like, remove what i dont, expand on what i like. this is for the long term\n\nlife is the greatest game. everything is connected, you learn this with enough books, experiences, psychadelics, mediation, age\n\nrelease a percussion heavy song called “circadian rhythym” imma be like ben franklin or leo da vinci. breadth and depth to life\n\n• one of the best parts about travel is that people have no expectations of you, so you can freely experiment with who you are.\n\ndo video youtube videos with miguel. touch more senses, thats why in person is important, get that perspectival feel, knowledge.\n\nmake a stoic vr experience of going up and up into the sky then earth up and up, then all the way cells and back to self. ai vr?\n\nmake a day fasting event for saturday. cant see any participants eating.. and psychadelic chat.. or a punishment.. make it funny\n\nive learned to live w less fear. as long as you dont die, and even that. i just want to live and play this game as best as i can\n\nive learned to live w less fear. as long as you dont die, and even that. i just want to live and play this game as best as i can\n\n- no debt and tons of 100k savings, tons of genuinely awesome friends all over the world, lots of amazing sex with awesome girls.\n\nmany people NOT on hinge, many people NOT on tinder. many people NOT on instagram. many people NOT on guam. reverse the last two.\n\ncandy business, bamboo ladder, i used to jailbreak everyones phones in highschool. 5% app academy. 1% HS player. #1 tetris player\n\nslofade from don nelson, but focus more on what you want to see more of. what? wealth creation, friendship creation, sex creation\n\nhelp joe with psychadelictimes.com. help w joe’s psychadelictimes.com site. find repo. what transformations does he want to make?\n\nwith future podcast guests, find people that really have something novel and cool to say. like how arjun pulls big guestsclean out\n\njust talk to people, reach out, get on calls, in meetings. record convos and make clips to show people how im like in conversation\n\nalso just set up my life w leverage and understanding to be surrounded by beautiful women, on Jan 27, 2025 at 12:30 noon - 1:00 PM\n\ni feel like a beginner again, not a stupid expert at life. i feel like im playing again. i wasnt playing before. what was i doing?\n\ni feel like a beginner again, not a stupid expert at life. i feel like im playing again. i wasnt playing before. what was i doing?\n\nbecoming a sovereign individual building the beginning of infinity feels like im frodo leaving middle earth for the cloud continent\n\nrock climbing is exploratory locomotor play, but in nature its free and more beautiful, and you can just wrestle w friends for free\n\nso tldr: be strong willed, be open, learn ai and crypto, learn history, read the best books, larp the fuck out of life till reality\n\nbucketlist, prove that i can do what i want if i learn, coordinate, plan, connect, read, build, etc. for the true good and beautiful\n\nyou can close your mouth, not your face.. audio pod at ns? just interviewing the most interesting citizens? like cabin and jackson..\n\ni love how you can basically be however you want. people dont know you like how you travel solo, so youre as tabula rasa as youll be\n\nmaybe you cry when you die, in a good way. the past you has to die, and its sad, but maybe it had to be done to live your great life\n\n- I want to and will be the guy that came out of nowhere and just did it. that's fun to me, I will prove this is possible by example.\n\ngenerational memes: what explanations and knowledge will you most share with your children on Jan 27, 2025 at 12:00 noon - 12:30 noon\n\nnature is the sorta universal set and setting, if youre calm, fasted, little caffiene, good dose, good people, itll be a great trip..\n\n- I feel like I'm onto something hugely good, others don't see it and tell me to stop, but I won't give up, I will never betray myself\n\ngo to the frontier, and youll notice that things on your radar (ideas) havent even been made manifest, its only in idea form. so ns...\n\nget water chiller asap. figure out some good diy way cheap way to get cold water for every morning on Feb 5, 2025 at 3:00 PM - 3:30 PM\n\ngo rock climbing again, and more nature, and more talking to admirable people irl and url. X shit. but mainly code and release my apps\n\ni noticed how much i admired people who put themselves out there on the internet, so i wanna do the same [exemplars post](../exemplars)\n\ndo a podcast to talk with amazing people? lets build something amazing first, a body of work of code and media, and check the shortlist\n\ni dont wanna make content for myself, i wanna be so good that people make content about me? i mean its good to tell your own angle yeah\n\ni think i wanna spend the first half of my life exploring, and the second half exploiting. i think i was in a big rush, for what? idk..\n\ni think i wanna spend the first half of my life exploring, and the second half exploiting. i think i was in a big rush, for what? idk..\n\nfigure out march sidekicks soccer or whatever, if not that, another club perhaps. crawl the warm network, only 6 degrees from everything\n\nwill i be remembered? does that matter? its lookin like i could be a fuckin G, ill be so good they cant ignore me. minimum effective fame\n\nschedule a jam sesh w nate and mig. make a groupchat, also with vance? just add nate to the jam group on Feb 4, 2025 at 4:30 PM - 5:00 PM\n\nns “release valve” bali/thailand trip? a price, what were gonna do, only open to people whove stayed at least 3 months.. make crypto luma\n\nif im in sg. jeanneate will help w something. also kuan yu is singaporean and v1, and also vivaan. on Apr 19, 2025 at 10:00 AM - 10:30 AM\n\nget a stack of towels for the gym for the cold plunge, make it 5 degrees or something.. not 4 then.. on Apr 25, 2025 at 8:00 AM - 8:30 AM\n\nthere is so much out there you just dont know! in a good way. theres so much to learn, so much game to play haha. life can be pretty cool\n\nthe adventure of a lifetime. a personal odyssey. theres so much more ahead. its scary and exciting and im up for it, at least right now..\n\nthe adventure of a lifetime. a personal odyssey. theres so much more ahead. its scary and exciting and im up for it, at least right now..\n\ni was reminded of what real life is like. outside the bubble, just for a month. im going back for 5 11 or 12. but i need to make it to 12\n\nlast guy alive, tasked with repopulating, thats a darwinian male fantasy, like the plane crash island harem dream, it just makes sense lol\n\nideas projects people, the gems are low popularity, but you are convinced it is high quality, those are the best asymmetric "risks" to take\n\ndo a podcast, i keep thinking about it. read books, do a podcast, build apps, build network states, all this shit.. under my digital name..\n\nim learning so much that i dont know. being around such high variance people is stretching my understanding of whats possible in a lifetime\n\ndo more events and go to the win nights. finish sift best and then that can be the win. this is already the elon "what did you do this week"\n\nbattle of the bands? what other fun stuff do regular campuses do? learn the lindy to make a new lindy on Apr 19, 2025 at 10:30 AM - 11:00 AM\n\nits like were creating a fire, and the spark, the kindling stage, its precious and needs lots of help, but we will have a roaring fire later\n\n~ "the greatest risk is taking no risk." poker teaches that, to gain, something must be put on the line. similar to kurapika's nen contract..\n\nsensory deprivation tank, surf machine. what is the core team's priorities? idk how much you can share but it can seem a black box sometimes.\n\n“we were voyagers” even my ancestors who landed on these islands 4000 years ago, they were once adventurous too. if we move for better lives,\n\ni tried once the things i was scared of or what i thought i was missing out on, now i can NOT do them with confidence. i know now what i didnt\n\nthe best areas are the frontier, with no map, and you need correct axioms to derive first principles solutions where there are no easy answers\n\nfind people on X, similar mag fame, to speak with for podcast? but i should also be a reply guy for a bit. following and for you, kaizen style\n\nstart a karaoke night. find the right batteries first. solve this shopping issue thing. we need specific things fast, delivered. also laundry.\n\nthe keyboard is full of dominos, you can push more, you can also push THE RIGHT keys in the right way at the right time, and good shit happens\n\non ig. nice visuals, visibly competent along my big 5. rank em: philosophy technology music health soccer on Feb 6, 2025 at 11:00 AM - 11:30 AM\n\n1000 philosophy posts on X. 1000 crypto posts on warpcast?. 1000 what on IG? just life in pics? add a warpcast link on my website? adampang.com\n\ni was a musician before i was a philosopher before i was a technologist. music is my first love, it is my root. im going back to my fuckin root.\n\nim livin more, learnin more, just being open to this whole new experience. tinkering. helping. doing what i think is right all things considered\n\nnina cold plunge date. with sissy? where are the tickets, maybe i can go with an energizing person instead. focus on what you want to see more of\n\nif i was running a show, id want to plan the whole thing out, then actually manifest it with clear vision, and to not get bored, id do a ton of em\n\nfind hobbies that make you rich, creative, fit = indiehacking, soccer/lifting, audible/plaintext and voice podcasts blog tweets youtube spotify IG\n\nonly blog/speak from a position of conjecture diary experimentation and positions of success, let results validate  words and speak for themselves\n\nim having a cambrian explosion, this may be a miracle year for me. close to first dollar, been on and off this path for years but i never gave up.\n\nmake a music experience room where we can dance and sing. lights visuals dark, holograms and shit and jam blasting music to release and have fun..\n\nso whats the infinite game? its being in a way that is play, for me, in and of itself. just doing what i want kinda. but ethical and good and shit.\n\ni feel untangled and light, an earnest beginner, like yawning on a new good day, unsure about what the day will bring but up for it.. up to face it\n\ni feel untangled and light, an earnest beginner, like yawning on a new good day, unsure about what the day will bring but up for it.. up to face it\n\nkindred spirits, hurt people, lost people, adventurous people, curious people. it sounds all wishy washy mumbo jumbo woowy pussy, but its also true\n\nimagine bcis and you can live someone elses experience.. you can basically twitch stream into their lives. with the feeling and all.. body swapping\n\nwith each product launch, tell my story and see if people relate, and give a link to my page so they can contact me about making it better. FOR THEM\n\nok i nailed cdm, or did well, now experiment with a layer of shielding. ill build myself into a great player. results speak for itself kind of player\n\ndo this after first paycheck from verticalindustries: https://networkschool.notion.site/Malaysian-Digital-Nomad-Visa-18f9cdd3f006808791ade7c77d531fcf\n\nits hard to stay at ns long unless youre working there, have a partner, family, friends you brought with you. 3 months is a breaking point for people\n\ninterview dave pascoe farbood siim land. find gems on twitter youtube instagram that i follow. maybe interview and riff with joe mattia, just riff....\n\ngo walk in nature. beach etc check g maps saved what makes for a good working place? people, beauty of the space, vibes/energy (the subconscious), etc\n\nhow do you avoid foolishness, bullshit? or correct it? ecologies of practices? dialogue, wrestling, land and sea: hiking surfing. solving top problems\n\ntalk about whiplash from fast environment where shits happening all the time, then a super slow environment where nothings happening. its so different\n\ni also need to get out of the house. how? where do i go? the other cafe. best micromobility option? but i dont wanna spend money at the cafe. so what?\n\nwere just people playing different games. maybe well be able to make new planets. move faster. create new knowledge so new positive things on radar etc\n\nmaybe after buying nomadlist, find roomates, then live together in a cheap good url2irl place for cheaper house rent, like 908. find people on twitter?\n\nstop focusing on the old people from my past. meet new people in my future too. if the past people wanna join along, thats cool too, if theyre cool too\n\nreach out to people outside of guam. so im globally minima connected. so cool that im hanging out with a nepalese dude. its about clipping great topics\n\ntell the bootcamp chat its ok to leave if you want, after showing them a full 3x3 grid model of the campus for 5000 on Apr 10, 2025 at 6:30 AM - 7:00 AM\n\nwhat are you willing to give your life to? youre going to give it to something, so point your life in the direction that matters most. mattering matters\n\nfigure out vertical guam income + the digital nomad visa thing / visa run after grab sg - fc is done? i only have 90 days to figure out the visa thing...\n\nthe dynamic changes w more people, you realistically just cant get to know everyone. its just not realistic. so im just letting serendipity take the wheel\n\nwe are alone on our own, but if we find each other on the map, we can find our tribe, our friends, and let results speak for themselves. make an ns startup\n\nMaybe i should experiment with 1 10 100 1000, reps / like do 100 thing, but you choose at each exponential crossroad if you wanna continue down this path..\n\nplay fifa and get xbox from seb to get better at soccer? but why get better at soccer? maybe i can watch soccer vids to get better. but playing also helps.\n\nif you were a caveman, and you had your tribe, and the goal was to, as fast as you could, replicate modern society in 2024, how would you go about doing it?\n\nat ns, make friends, leverage, career counseling, visa assistance, get jacked, learn about new ways of living, get hired / start companies to solve problems\n\ni see psychadelics as the portal to the light at the end of the tunnel that never ends. the forever unfolding. the infinite puzzle, the intelligent infinity\n\ni think its a mistake to take yourself too seriously. insert guru pitka. funny thread. if youre going to live, might as well enjoy it. never kill the fool..\n\ngo to the frontier to collect ideas, collect tools, but ultimately problem solve, and use the right tool for the right job. these are creative means to ends.\n\ni wanna be a creative across the board like how that poker player phil ivy is good at all poker. being sourced means being onniconoetent? not quite but kinda\n\ntry different sports, different communities: rock cliimbing, tennis, etc. check other guam communities, there are commonalities between us more than we know.\n\neverything is an experiment, lower the stakes, try a smaller experiment, get your footing again, and then do bigger experiments later, this is a mere domino.\n\nthere are so many games in life, some more important to others, some important to different people with different genes needs, contexts, and chapeters in life\n\nfriendship goal: different siloed friends being in the area and being like hey can i come over and hangout, and we have collective hobbies together like naruto\n\ngo to ubud bali for the girls. should be a gender ratio geographical marketplace to maximize hypergamy and beauty-maxx too. there are beautiful people all over\n\nit feels great that were all from diff countries, focused on one thing. it feels like avatar the last airbender, like a council of diff world people. so cool..\n\nit feels great that were all from diff countries, focused on one thing. it feels like avatar the last airbender, like a council of diff world people. so cool..\n\ni wanna be so fuckin generally-stacked that im so fuckin rare via combinatorics, but i still solve top problems for me and others.. i want to live a natural life\n\ni just really want ns fellows to get a superhuman ring or something so its a fellowship of the ring. ai chat soundboard this on Apr 19, 2025 at 4:00 AM - 4:30 AM\n\nmake more podcasts at ns. longform and clips channel. make more songs. wow soccer really got my spirits up. i got a hattrick on Jun 11, 2025 at 7:00 AM - 7:30 AM\n\ndo 100 solo clips, also check descript for jett pod and my car clips that i havent uploaded yet. and post to IG and X, depending on if its relevant to the market*\n\nquit my career to risk it all solo. building http://browser.horse, the browser with trails. smart, funny, talented, and very humble ૮ ˶ᵔ ᵕ ᵔ˶ ა likeable funny dude\n\nthe avatar skillstacks haha. hard skills are bending, soft skills are his character and growth as a person. maturity. antifragility. learning from life's pressures\n\nrecent heuristic: physical over digital games. physical girls over digital girls. physical meaning over propositional, rafe kelley, helps with bottom 3Ps of meaning\n\noffense defense and healing in life. sword shield potion. tank dps support, all important. rate my heroes like this. healthy (support) wealthy (offense) wise (defense)\n\nwrite about i dont want to specialize talking about philosophy or tech alone, i wanna talk about health and kpop and soccer and music and whatever. there are no rules.\n\nrisky narrow predictions in hard to vary explanations, fun problem solving. genuine artistic wealth creation, playing, surfing, like rick rubin.. put heroes on adampang\n\ndo you work on small projects, medium projects, large projects? its a very personal answer no? how you want to live your life. but are you on the bus or get off the bus\n\ni was designing towns/cities since i was 10 actually, with pigville, i used to host minecraft servers and i was the mayor, and we planned where houses would go and all..\n\ngo into town money changer, massage, need tons of ringgit for angie and cafe.. need wise card too. go to that massage place that justin recommeneded at eco galleria.. **\n\nby dwelling, you miss the opportunity. is this immediately relevant, or not? believe in deutschian possibility! think for yourself. the quest of a lifetime is before you.\n\nbe persistent in new experiments where my genuine curiosity goes, when it hits or i think theres still something to this, go hard in depth and discipline. use big 2 ocean\n\nyou can do psychadelics mediatet lucid dream have experiences, learn sourced things(takes many spokes to see the inner and outer wheel), there are many ways to find source*\n\nremember that were having the ns conference on forest city come sept.oct time.. i wanna be living here for all that time, be on this boat and pull my weight sort of thing..\n\nremember that were having the ns conference on forest city come sept.oct time.. i wanna be living here for all that time, be on this boat and pull my weight sort of thing..\n\nthe all or nothingness again makes me think i could be helped by another heroic dose of mushrooms. check miguels guy? i need monies though for sure, income more than my burn\n\n1 amazing wife, 5 kids, a super long life. the infinite game unfolded. jerzy gregorek vibes. “in the capitalistic adventurous wild” you can also “get a salary” from funding..\n\ni dont have to follow a consistent cadence schedule. i can just batch produce then batch market. oscillating between different pareto problems. like walking in different rooms\n\ncheck the ns people and see if i can get into NS. then i can push that forward and tell mama grammy etc. figure out how to get grades and convince them why this helps "career"\n\nGod said i am a gift what do i wanna do today? me! selfish? if it does not break physics its possible what if i just keep working on fun problems, building, selling.. surfing?\n\nsetup movie nights recurring event too. torches, super good projecter, needs to be rain proof / solution on that white wall. invite only, people that i genuinely think are cool\n\ngotta make youtube videos. rambles like visa? stamp face and name. but talking about what? podcasts? its easier if i can make 1 minute videos 10 minute videos 100 minute videos.\n\n- With just a few coins in his pocket, the young Franklin found himself in the bustling streets of this colonial city, searching for employment in his familiar trade of printing.\n\nmake sure that when youre older, a younger you could speedrun point A to B. leave a cheatsheet guide. + you can copy to the frontier, but then its trial and error on the frontier\n\nget good sleep sunday, and get many more podcasts set up, recorded convos on recorded anchorm google meet. figure out and test this before linking cal link and sending to socials\n\nlife is the ultimate game, and it should feel like a video game, it should be lived in flow, framed well just like video games do. talk about how i dabbled with game dev before..\n\ngoing to mars is like a whole new unlock. you know those mercator maps, yeah were gonna unlock another one baby! fuck yeah. this is the new physical frontier for humanity for life\n\nns believed in me first. it was the first thing in my life that accepted me at a high scale lol. i feel a debt of gratitude to balaji and the team. so i gotta win and help win lol\n\ni was internal for a long time. now im beginning to experiment with being external. engaging with the outer world. i feel like im coming out of a cave with some fire i found within\n\nshower shave clean room clean truck get xbox vinyls sell vinyls golf clubs etc. think about bounties ns app with x dude. think about working w dad for geda pay. sell clothes in bulk\n\nwhat is my life philosophy? death is a 1-way door, i might as well see this life through, i want to see how far i can go, how far the people i know can go, humanity, all of life lol\n\nok do what scares you again. what do i fear? launching startups. ok but whats the update to the mantra?: yes have guts, but for LONG TERM things that i wont regret! THATS the nuance\n\ncheck requirements for digital nomad visa and do 1 8020 step. do a service for this to help others? paid service to walk through this proceess.. on Apr 13, 2025 at 4:30 AM - 5:00 AM\n\nfor dating, live an interesting life, lvl up, let people know, meet girls where they are (fertile ground). lvl up means muscles, fashion, personality, social life, competence, wealth\n\ntry new things at small scales, reflect, then you can know to do it more and more. or less and less. knowing in practice not just theory. reversible decisions, just not catastrophic.\n\ni think i came to ns, but i dont actually have a good plan when it comes to exploiting / capitlazing on it, this fishing grounds. im self aware of this.. but still bad, but improvable\n\nim making an awesomely scaffolded indiehacking empire!!! mwahahahaha. its so clear and articulated i love it. all the lego blocks are clicking together into the configuration i want!!!\n\nif problems are infinite, and life is all problem-solving, i want to make sure that i get the "how" "right", so that if life is all process, that i am in flow and fun along the odyssey\n\nbeing on the frontier and engaging with the great unknown doesnt have to be so scary if youre well principled, have great explanatory scaffolding, and experiment well, with proper scoping.\n\ni get bored with certain sports / groups of people. maybe i just want novelty. so im trying a bunch of different social sports, physical > digital games. good heuristics that i can live by\n\nhelp joe with psychadelic times? wheres the repo? ill back it up, and ask him what positive transfomations he wants. code leverage. semrush seo again on Apr 23, 2025 at 11:00 AM - 11:30 AM\n\nyou know how hard it can be to find a cool male friend? yeah apply that same rare mindset to a girlfriend, but its totally solvable. find people online and meet them at the schelling points\n\ngotta create scenes, like the male birds do, where they create a space where it invites girls to them, they show visible competence, like a band. make a small band with mig? where to perform?\n\ngotta create scenes, like the male birds do, where they create a space where it invites girls to them, they show visible competence, like a band. make a small band with mig? where to perform?\n\nok i cant come back to guam, i gotta figure out a way to stay at NS or just NOT guam, at least for a long while. dont repeat the same mistake. new mistakes are allowed, but not the same ones.\n\nyou also must follow genuine curiosity, create and learn, lest you wither. remember when you figured out physical engineering, and the story was coherent and clear, and you did a lot of stuff?\n\nwhenever im on the road, check my video topic list i wanna make small clips about, that i can post on X. X is the only social media platform i can think of where theres a clearish path to money\n\nthe "frontier is a filter" you dont HAVE to stay, i proved it by leaving, its not a cult haha even though my family jokes it is. because i could leave, thats one of the defining features of a cult.\n\nget a guam flag. shit to make it feel more like guam, sarong like joe, friends and family, scents, customize like a dorm room would be. bean bag whatever, carpet on Apr 16, 2025 at 8:30 AM - 9:00 AM\n\nthe infinite game is the vector that never ends. + if someone is an actual infinite game player, you'll see them around again. + the best things you cannot ignore. + "be so good they cant ignore you"\n\nyou could die. channel Anthony Kiedis?inspiration aspiration on adampang site: vibecheck and spotify, bodies of work on x ig and spotify, posts clips songs apps. you absolutely can solve your problem\n\nwrite about indiehacking journey, coding journey, ill try to do 10-100 projects, experiment in breadth, then depth. link to adampang.com/shop and it shows all my products, maybe make an indiepage? idk\n\npost hero journey, platocave, etc: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tssOG2rS1AA&t=3s + symbolism story post + the ancients pointed toward infinity. + do not focus on the fingers, or youll miss the moon.\n\nwhat if I pay a company to work there? just for the experience? talk to the founder to work there for 2 months. what do you get? tacit knowledge, reputation, shows gumption, a missionary not a mercenary\n\n#1 Guam tetris player. 0.5% global HS player, i also got into a 5% acceptance rate san francisco coding bootcamp before. i kinda hate permissioned things in life, but some are fun idk. competence is fun\n\nwhat can i do at ns that i cant do anywhere else? the people, the bounties, etc. do all that shit to the maxx. take the opportunity before me. solve debt and sexlessness asap. transformations, not time.\n\nlets say the best case happened, then what..? answer this question for each project on anchormarianas and what is on the project list, and curate. create and curate. on Apr 10, 2025 at 6:00 AM - 6:30 AM\n\nthe cabin fever is real. where do i go on the cheap to hangout and chat? far from the campus? what if we all had bikes, and. the answer is my apt. but well see the issues as they arise, its all solvable!\n\nhang out w daniel c nautilus. late lunch? play by ear. just hang out at a later date when i go back to singapore for whatever, no? i could just stay overnight at changi and really simplify the whole thing\n\nwe need more touch at ns, ill massage you, we need wrestling, what are other person to person play things like rafe kelley? we should do outside at the beach its nice.. on Apr 19, 2025 at 3:00 AM - 3:30 AM\n\nok maybe balaji doesnt need more money for tax routing whatever, maybe they just need a good place to build the campus, period.. so i can help w that and send to elias / yash. grok it and shit given criteria.\n\nbe able to buy in bulk beef liver and steaks and shit, and we can have steaks on demand or something. ribeyes and shit. figure out a cheap way via malaysia. yeah figure out how to order goods while at forest city\n\ni put so much expectation into ns, that it would be a panacea. but no thats silly bullshit. it is one of a kind which is cool, but on the horizon of life, there is so much out there. that's what travel reminded me\n\nmake content w other people. miguel kpop content? just be yourself. product marketing sales. just solve problems. the big ones first of course. its like guitar hero salience shit on Feb 9, 2025 at 2:30 PM - 3:00 PM\n\ncan i just find 1 true fan? a natural evangelizer. look at the products that i evangelize: whoop, reelfarm, etc. i WANT to tell people about it because it makes so much sense. like the surfline app that tati showed me\n\nnever forget what you saw in singapore. things started clicking like crazy. super brain consolidation after numerous aha moments. and then i had a mental cambrian explosion of new ideas and understandings of the world.\n\nmornings start w helping send a pitch deck to bryan johnson warm intro. this shits crazy. its kinda fun. changing the world haha. at least planting seeds. helping people. founders can be superheroes andor supervilliand\n\nI let salience guide me I want to solve problems creativively, have fun, solve problems in new ways, be creative, flow-maxx, seing life as a game of games. Once you win the game stop playing. Solve problems as they arise\n\nto get semi-permanent lodging. from 90 day popups to 3 year popups, the numbers have got to be actually good. people, cost of living, quality of life. they would want to live there literally more than anywhere in the world\n\nI want to live a good life. From the 2nd trip, i realized that death is sort of not worth fearing. But if youre gonna live this life, i wanna do it well. Idk why. Just an artistic instinct, i want to co-create a great life.\n\nwe can also do a talk on relevance realization in the vein on john vervaeke, precognition. sense making. ecologies of practice. hiking. exploratory locomotor practices like hiking, using your hands, moving through nature etc.\n\nimagine if you could summon the set of people you follow on social media, would you like a party with them? this is what visa talks about about the long game and summoning shit. he doesnt check email but i sent him dms anyway\n\ni need to be more powerful like gilgamesh enkidu.. strong and good. a tamed beast lol. but actually yeah, how to power up? do blood work and testosterone checking and supplements and shit to be like them.. i wanna be like enkidu\n\ndo what scares you* the treasure you seek is in the cave you fear most. what do i fear most? idk im kinda in elevation mode, i feel like right now in this life chapter ive got a pretty good lay of the land of this level. lvling up\n\nsmall danger and creativity is good. choose your amount of risk you want to take.. yeah its a risk, but it could make money, upgrade wannawee, get mvp launch, present to balaji.. im not a missionary though, im just experimenting..\n\nget a cool shaped acoustic guitar when in singapore. nylon. check fb marketplace or wherever i can get a cheap guitar, or in malaysia, i can get whatever just by buying it. capitalism can be pretty fuckin cool. but make money first\n\nmake an ns in the gundo, austin, etc. nomads.com, where else? el salvador, palau, etc. can the ns coalition of all ns’s be diplomatically recognized like the hanziatic league? powered by star farms etc, embedded in existing societies\n\na lot changed in my life really fast. i made hella new dots, but i like things to make sense haha, so being home for the summer, i really wanna connect thses dots and make things make sense, THEN i can make new dots with more clarity.\n\nfor pod, lets just riff, no fuckin pressure, we both have creative control. we can talk about how much we want certain chapters etc. i like to have a creative menu type of approach where i can archive or dearchive work. lets just riff.\n\nsoccer party free copas. jiu jitsu party free gi for party dues, like a club. some can be opt in and out freely, as long as you pay, or can be application like immigration. nfts can be this year next year this quarter, next 6 months etc\n\n- are you working on something that could change the world, yes or no? its that simple. take moonshot experiments, especially while youre young. it starts with will, belief, asking questinos, learning, coordination. the 4 step plan, etc.\n\nemergent properties gotta be a wonder of the world. file this under awe insights. talk about the living chain from the first life forms to us. our ancestors got this far, its our turn to hold the candle and not let the candle of life go out\n\n“you can only connect the dots looking backward” so how do you know what dots to make going forward? we are fallabil, we just make the best decisions we can with the information available. its sorta like poker. maybe i should play poker again.\n\nas you lear to fish lvl up and empower yourself, your perception of the world changes radically and things arent as scary, youve become bigger than the problems that once burned and traumatized you, youre growing :) youre a levels happy cow lol\n\ngo to an english speaking place where they have tons of women, where they are poor, where they are smart, etc. play to hypergamy arbitrage. the smart guys have figured this out. with a good passport so we can travel together. nomadlist shiiiii..\n\ndo a blog post on singapore, then refer christian to it. use the md thing. start writing more. rate by the category first, then compress and glue together a complete post, and add an image. add to md template for each blog post. verbal and visual\n\nremember that were having the ns conference on forest city come sept.oct time.. i wanna be living here for all that time, be on this boat and pull my weight sort of thing.. gotta find a way to live here and make SOME money to cover monthly burn..\n\nremember that were having the ns conference on forest city come sept.oct time.. i wanna be living here for all that time, be on this boat and pull my weight sort of thing.. gotta find a way to live here and make SOME money to cover monthly burn..\n\nlook at the games i played growing up. why did i like them. kongregate and others. then map that onto what ill do for career. look at what you did as a kid naturally to figure out what to do as an adult naturally on Jun 14, 2025 at 8:00 AM - 8:30 AM\n\nyou and casey seem like lvl 10 wizards compared to me. not tryna get depressed about it, but i need to plan on how to progress. what do i have to learn, who should i meet, where should i live, etc. tryna make my way professionally, but renegade style\n\nshow the best clips w nautilus peeps. say we related over indiehacking. related over 3d printing. if you wanna talk, insert link. i like meeting new internet people and connecting across the world. find a better reason on Feb 5, 2025 at 7:30 AM - 8:00 AM\n\nplan the trip back home. checklist and what im bringing and where im going and how to get back to FC and NS: bring strat guitar? and a bag of extra clothes. make sure both work. how would i get to fc? the same driver? if i came on the first thered be a bus..\n\nwrite about the now vs the where. the here and now vs the where you wanna go. for me, the here and now is indiehacking and prolific side projects. the where i wanna go is energy and network states. remember that elon started with zip2 THEN his bigger projects\n\nfigure out where i am low supply high demand at ns. begin with low supply, then see whats high demand. massage, music, guitar singing. soccer. guam. how am i different on a useful dimension? be a silly goose. really get to know people that are receptive to that.\n\nWrite about what i learned on the 2nd trip. How was it like going into it What did it feel like, show images of the 1st and 2nd trip report It was a hard reset on the brain Parts of the brain that normally dont talk to each other do Most of “the work” happens after\n\nwrite about how tons of new people are here. more longtermers.. talk about the dynamic of sticking with old friends, while season 5 unfolds.. the old relationships are still new haha. it feels like sophomore freshman sort of expereince, while were all in this ship..\n\ni want to feel less stressed, more loosy goosy, but still wanna do the bootcamp, gain experience, make it to that 3 month post job-network land where theyll vouch as talent via an unfakeable test. visibly competent to get a girlfriend lol. someone like a younger anugya\n\ndont deny your childhood, its just as integral to this life experience as your adulthood or old age, its all connected and all real. i notice that space and time are real, a dog’s life is just as real a life as yours, were all real. life matters if you want it to matter\n\nwhat is the vision for how i want to live my life, and make guesses on how to get there. i want to make money in tech with clear thinking and code media capital labor etc. i want to spend the next 12 months learning the abc stuff, making friends, enjoying life and privacy\n\nwhat is the vision for how i want to live my life, and make guesses on how to get there. i want to make money in tech with clear thinking and code media capital labor etc. i want to spend the next 12 months learning the abc stuff, making friends, enjoying life and privacy\n\ncreate wealth, share it and get IOUs money, then leave house for a nomadlist top spot, or network school and adjacents. its gotta keep running like an irl business, then leave mama. i need to live on my own, be free, independent, have a better lifestyle to hold a girlfriend\n\n"that oh so relatable crossroads in life. insert the lotr "this is the farthest from home ive ever been pic". that moment in life when youre so unsure, youre coming of age, you cant go back home, and theres such a long quest ahead, but you must do it. that "facing up to life"\n\ni couldnt live with myself if i didnt try and make it 12 months at ns. its a personal challenge. the more potential you have, the more frustrating not realizing it is. this is like the war of art. i want to live fully, i dont know how. i want to win and help win ugh so cringe\n\nwrestling bjj play luma event? hiking. Try awe-inducing experiences, sacred rituals, or contemplation of death to spark this. ai soundboard and action asap. also psychadelics node.. https://chatgpt.com/c/67f4f35e-37b4-8005-8e7e-aa16a94add42 on Apr 10, 2025 at 9:00 AM - 9:30 AM\n\nwere forgetting the fantasy, the soul, the spiritual nourishment, the virtue, the wisdom, what the ancients knew. the feeling. im gonna watch more movies, play more amazing video games, and not feel guilty about it. living in different worlds informs how to live better in this one\n\ndad 1k from vertical is coming. mama allowance to singapore bank account. my bounties at ns. indiehacking. to whom much is given much is expected. and its very normal for parents to invest in their kids careers, and i never really went to much of schooling, so its a reasonable ask.\n\nwe shouldnt try to shield ourselves from mistakes, we should aim to make more and more interesting experiments, quantity and quality. if we dont experiment along problem vectors to try to solve them, the problems will kill us. you know what's worse than failure? suicide by inaction.\n\n1,1,hmm make anchormarianas like this https://www.latecheckout.studio/ a video game dashboard overview of what each does. add a trench, and islands as each startup with a logo. make it like a super simple almost browser video game. also add simple mode vs game mode you can toggle it.\n\nif, as a whole world and humanity, we had access to the whole world and everywhere, with all people, where should i be in the world, who should i meet, based on my goals. career and dating, long term cultural fit? times the problems of integrating (visa, cultural, language differences)\n\nnonfiction books fiction books and video games and stories, you can equally learn from. obviously choose the best/most relevant ones. be selective. noise can be ignored, signal cannot. the timely and the timeless, the temporary can be ignored. the truth cannot be unseen, conspiracy can.\n\nim going extreme on trying social embodied meaning rituals. rough and tumble play like rafe kelley. therapy, crossfit, jiu jitsu, soccer, rock climbing. maybe rugby, badminton, tennis, surfing, gpt what else is possible, so i always have a choice each day what to do, do the one i do least\n\nyou can't force seeds to grow faster than they can, but you CAN plant seeds as fast as a madman. there is no speed limit. on the same token, slowing down usually makes for better turns, and we all know the journey is not always straight. is it "the straight and narrow?" and-or an odyssey?\n\nreply to aishia. do an ns luma presentation with her. paintings of heaven and hell. lets be dramatic for a second. cursor but for slideshows. check this if it exists and its good. market vs execution risk. indiehacking? do 1 8020 step? pdf in ai chat on Apr 24, 2025 at 10:30 AM - 11:00 AM\n\nmaybe every island has a new mode of play, but cards transfer over. like a fantasy HS style card can have its fifa style version, then you play the game in a rock band way on the band eyeland, but its like that game i used to play where you use the keys and gotta be on beat for a level with a song\n\nwhen youre in flow, or on psychedelics, different parts of the brain that normally dont communicate do. i feel the same at ns, were from like 100 different countries, and we bring all these different ways of being, yadda yadda. its gonna be interesting when well have personality clashes and stuff.\n\nreminds me like mmorpg characters. so in the future of network states and the opaque internet "here be dragons", you can have diff internet presences just like when you are physical places and people dont know you, you can be a diff person in a diff place. thats kinda cool and weird, like spy kids 4\n\ncan we find the best places in the world that fit ns criteria for crowdfunded territory, use google maps both world view and street view, use vr and ar with phones and eye wearables to see it, list these projects on a listing site to fund em, and give people a value exchange to live in them or otherwise..\n\ni asked bryan johnson xyz. i asked balaji “why does this project even matter? he showed a hell and a heaven version. idk if im not supposed to tell what goes on in longtermer meetings. but maybe this is fuel to show. i can talk about experiences and report from the front lines, like the leonidas reporter dude\n\nman you cant come back home for a while, a year? 6 months? you gotta stay away from home. its ok to be mahalang, just call home and stuff, listen and sing chamorro songs, but you gotta do this. you gotta stay abroad and enter the global minima. “there is pain in both options.” opportunity cost and inaction cost\n\nfollowing genuine interestingness. the only goal is to be the best version of yourself. what is best? that implies a vector. creativity along the problem vector, interestingness is the string you pull, the thread. play.. if youre not flowing, something is wrong. flow is optimall..... make a pic of this.. gpt 4o\n\n1,1,make a list of people that i wanna talk to. tell them about me point to my new blog tell em what im looking to talk about what i like about you xyz. start shittily. 10 friends or so??? interesting people. ask them about things they care about. have some bullet points to talk about. long form. when do you stop?\n\nmetal ladder plus amazon temu projector for wall + wine movie nights. we pick a movie wed all like. YUH. can post about that too, with movie taste. strong enough for the wall. drive in movie? on guam check for that. wine and torches and movies with good female ratio good movie good crowd. invite and crawl the network\n\ntraveling alone is the most tabula rasa you can be in terms of expectations. i notice when im around old places or people from past, i go back to my old self, or at least feel like it. like when you see an old teacher as an adult you still feel lesser than even though you both are equals (minus seniority respect of course)\n\nwith futuristic friends you also get early access to info and therefore understanding and therefore wealth and therefore life. with more wealth im gonna have more kids baby and be a great father, a walled garden for my kids. now thats fuckin ethical, and also dont die too. wonder if i can orchestrate my life elegantly that way\n\nlongtermers need ns for whatever reason more than others, or maybe theyre just balling and can afford to lose the security deposit. the question is what is ns providing that i cant get otherwise? its an opportunity that mama is willing to pay for, for me to learn and to live away from home (rite of passage). im getting the hang of it better\n\nschedule an art and science museum visa run field trip next month. get good numbers and figure out how to bulk schedule and get tix and shit. prep the what to bring what to say, make it a day trip in sg. hawker centre and everything, we leave at 730am or something, all core things are planned then we play on Apr 16, 2025 at 7:00 AM - 7:30 AM\n\nWrite about psychedelic trips and hard brain resets, i realized i couldnt escape, i didnt wanna commit suicide, “ i dont wanna live like this, but i dont wanna die” people that commit suicide as far as i know, mistake “i need to die” vs “the way im living has to die, i need to fundamentally change the way i live, because the default is not working”\n\nthere are so many things happening here at once. some people are explorers, some tried to mentor, some are building companies, some are just digital nomading and chilling, the core team is going balls deep on this insanely hard project to pull off, its a world changing project ACTUALLY, which is cool. etc. put the shanks and buggy on gold roger meme\n\nthe scale, the appetite for aperture for change. statis is suicidal. if the pot is stable, that is suicidal. its like poker. maybe i should play more, for the lessons, not the money. knowing that there are unknowns, but you have explanations of whats going on, and then you experiment and make decisions with stakes / skin in the game. wow i should play poker more..\n\ni need isolation to cook, maybe going ns isnt the way? its good for making friends and working out but it would add expenses, and i wanna cook and do the milestone thing. to make friends though for sure go to those adjacent ecosystem crypto popups and make friends. play the long game. we need focus to get stuff done. ns is a club and thats great for talent curation\n\nsetup bad bjj/gentleish wreslting/grappling, setup the mats and play around w bros and gals. if anyones good at it we teach each other.. we need more contact its good for mammals, we can massage we can wrestle play hike etc since we dont have friends family that all came with us, theres no hugs and shit and thats not good for life lol on Apr 20, 2025 at 8:30 AM - 9:00 AM\n\n7 deadly sins boss battles eyeland. check wow themes and w101 themes. one piece island themes. steal like an artist. lotr etc. or noir city. MMORPG? something in metaverse? ar? nfts and shit. a marketplace. i wanna implicitly teach kids great life skills and explanations. holy shit this can be my education of life to the next generation. its not just a game lol mwahahahaha.\n\nso cool to be at tables w people from all different parts of the world. the internet doesnt care about your spawn point in this game of life. im humbled by how much i dont know about life and the world. i thought i was knowledgable but like that cliche saying goes “the more you know the more you know how much you dont know” its awesome, theres so much to learn and grow into\n\njust solve problems. begin with the problem. every problem is a vector, every vector, measured, is a game, once you win a game you must stop playing, upgrade to better problems, better vectors, better games. insert the measurement gamifies tweet, insert the math concepts tweet with vector memes. also do my 100 apps astounding products. first start with the story. sokpop, visa, pieter levels of course\n\n“man cannot live off bread alone” the personal is the universal. im a natural at note-taking, socratic empathy and asking questions. maybe i should do more podcasts, at ns. frame the invitations in an elegant way, cap the downside risk, show them what ive done in past. 100 podcasts ep quest challenge. put finished pending and want to start life quests on personal site, and an essay on the philosophy of creative quests\n\nPsychedelic trip: Cosmic ancestral beings. Sensory mixing, synesthesia. Then an infinite origami, folding into each other, i kept asking why dont you resolve, and i think the moral of the story is that there is no final answer, thats what i learned at least.. The psychedelic therapist did recommend i take mdma for acceptance of love for past traumatic events like rejections, family stuff like being ignored, and dad stuff, and rejection of girls i liked..\n\nits like playing soccer and taking a shot at goal. you dont know if your foot will do the thing, but you try. even living is a courageous act of trying. its a shot on goal, whatever that is.. your state of mind will perceive things differently, reality is neutral in a way, and you interpret things depending on your current state of mind. network state of mind.. put this on x location. make a song w cursor for music production on this. investors guess too\n\nits like playing soccer and taking a shot at goal. you dont know if your foot will do the thing, but you try. even living is a courageous act of trying. its a shot on goal, whatever that is.. your state of mind will perceive things differently, reality is neutral in a way, and you interpret things depending on your current state of mind. network state of mind.. put this on x location. make a song w cursor for music production on this. investors guess too\n\nfor exercise motivation, make it social. i can only do solo workout so much (100 kettlebells, when there are no pickup soccer games). i tried running daily but i get bored. i like soccer cause the workout is secondary, its social (multiagent, and therefore novel everytime cause the combinatorics) its a fun game, its a microcosm for life like poker or chess etc insert game, also minecraft is the best game, write about games that built me. rock band skate 3 etc\n\nyou can make potions with reagents. NEW GOOD POWERFUL things that were not even on peoples radars. remember that cavemen had ZERO thoughts about iphones or whatever, i think this isnt cemented in peoples heads enough. there will be NEW GOOD POWERFUL POSITIVE advancements that WE CANT EVEN CURRENTLY THINK OF, just as it has throughout history. lets solve our short term problems, think long term long range, on and on. but remember that we walk toward the infinite horizon, its actually miraculous.\n\n“do 100 thing” creates the quantity set for the power law to emerge. create curate. diff intervals, schedules, apertures, appetites, garden sizes. the more i itsrate and practice and error correct, the better ill get at it. i can solve my debt problem, my lovelessness problem, my ns survival problem, and my how to live well/family/masculinity/contribution problem. if i can create knowledge and experiment well and wisely. its all possible and it can be fun. i want a band. i wanna band up w cool people, i wanna find my gorillaz, my beatles, my one piece crew\n\nlocal legends can be like a local pickup game social network, show your fav team you support, vote to pick a resembling player for local players to give new players a sense of what the player is like, pick top 1-2 reseblances. i wanna be like verratti. you can self assign who you want to be like vs what others think youre like, maybe a combo of 2 players. also it can use chain chat protocol, and a socket io group chat. encrypted? chain chat protocol so youll get notified of invites to hidden games. its like a fuckin hidden dungeon raid. life really IS like an MMORPG lol. thats a great analogy for the new age. name the new age\n\nim probably wasting my time hunting on hinge, i should spend my time better by fishing. making apps, sales, songs, getting ethically famous on ig w songs and reels and fishing for views, getting more views for my songs via cursor for music production, making 100 songs. spotify soundcloud distrokid documenting on ig and spotify and soundcloud. for each project, link to the “start here” put a “start here” on adampang. who i am, my priorities, what im about etc. be clear in writing. list projects ive tried and status. the maze of life. what i thought, what i learned, what i tried, books i like, shows i like, etc. use ana.sh as a template and use claude code. put strengths and weaknesses. current life quests. how much should i share though? put essays and current commitments. make it hella easy to understand and interact w me. make an album called “shower concerts”\n\nCan It Be Done?\n\nCan It Be Done?\n\nTo proceed with such a project:\n\nonce youve had a taste for the divine you cant go back\n\nevery startup is a bold guess in the free wealth market\n\na new startup every 2 weeks, do 100 thing, then 1 month\n\nyou must slay the dragon to get the gold and the virgin\n\nsatoshi is like the one piece lol, people wanna find it\n\ni have many products on the way, this is just the first\n\nreminder to self: never forget what you saw in singapore\n\npopper and darwin go deep. darwin's story is so good too\n\nwhat if jesus had a harem? woah should i even think that\n\nlife is surfing. the ocean has its own gradient landscape\n\nbe mysterious. like ben franklin pen name. silence dogood\n\nwhere sleep is number 1 priority crazy russian hacker meme\n\nfind a place a way to do it often. foil? surfing in tumon?\n\nfigure out what kami wants from tokyo mart and what i want\n\nnever forget what you saw in sg. internet first land later\n\nbe proud of being scrappy and finding value in rare places\n\ninterview boyd varty and rafe kelley. embodying and nature.\n\nbromances are what lifes about. being gay with the boys lol\n\nask mama or dad about the oh i love you so song i cant find\n\nget a survival kit in truck, learn the 8020 survival skills\n\ngot helps me learn connect dots all the way to the frontier.\n\nname shit for anchor marianas around the world famous trench\n\nriff with people, good for friends, flirting, being funny etc\n\nwrite that i used to jailbreak everyones phones in highschool\n\nthe fire burned down their house and they refused to cook w it\n\ni want friendship creation: media leverage, podcasting, url2irl\n\nmaybe just do superteam and warpcast grants till im out of debt\n\ndad if its not container homes i cant do it. mama wont allow me\n\nthe student now spars with the master at the turn of the powers\n\nget a glow in the dark football for adelup or whatever or tiyan\n\nseeing a person you know on ig irl is like seeing a pokemon lol\n\nwho are my heroes' heroes? find em from the google sheet and gpt\n\nlearn especially from people and things super different from you\n\ntechies are pirate culture setting out on the sea like one piece\n\ndo a fun facts page like color animal lol fav food steak broccoli\n\nif you like soccer and you dont like OG barca, what are you doing\n\n3 someone near you accepts to do it and arrives within 15 minutes\n\nill double click and watch more when i hear whispers of this name\n\n3 then put on anchor marianas page, and clean up for lemon squeezy\n\nthe bali crew: levels, steph smith, jon yongfook lol. my heroes :)\n\ncan a party be around a person? no, but a person can lead a party.\n\nhave a water supply power and bottle and clothes and towel in truck\n\nive seen the higher dimension lol im going back i will never forget\n\nhave a bunch of celebrations, experiment, then repeat the best ones\n\nbe a narduar podcast interviewer lol. 2 guests or 1 guest and an ai\n\ni got amplified synesthesia and sensory mixing when i took mushrooms\n\n1 psychadelics are the new baptism in the waters of the subconscious\n\nsoccer players are like pokemon lol. i want a rodri pseudo legendary\n\nhave lunch with mama and share the vision of indiehcaking and my plan\n\ndo irl podcasts like jake the brick, or tim in antartica or sauna etc\n\nlife is so clean now, its so fun, i feel like im coasting, flying now\n\nlearn from orion tarab about older women i might be able to be w shae\n\nThe backseat had blockers because I want to see the back of the truck\n\ncity of God should have a sequel or prequel. city of gods or something\n\nfinish one pace kai. find an easy way. is the show a distraction? idk.\n\nanother sentient being can take us somewhere that we cant go ourselves.\n\njerry will test the fan light switch thing on the wall near the hallway\n\nhalloween giving sugar sucks. but the costumes and the socializing good.\n\ntell ben anderson about orchid and nucleus, he probably knows em already\n\nwrite about the time i snuck into network school in malaysia, what a story\n\nfor doers, show how nearby the task is. its like an economic pokemon go lol\n\nbasically do what you want, have optimal load. 1 foot in front of the other\n\nask kris from soccer if there is ladera or cage soccer still? and what days?\n\nhow do you be a better lower plato caveman? questions open mind diligence etc\n\nhad a great convo with benjamin anderson, flowy hes a great conversationalist\n\nwith every hero, write a vocabulary, and tierlist em with a plus one minus one\n\nget music and soccer and tech merch too and philosophy history merch. nice shit\n\nthe heros journey happens all at once on 12 different dimensions ans storylines\n\nwe need more enchantment in this new age, in modernity. wonder and awe and flow\n\nblog post about times ive been bedrock levered: elieusinian mysteries, what else?\n\nDeath is a 1-way door, we don’t know what we don’t know, so let's experiment ❤️‍🔥\n\nthis has to be a 10/10 episode: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CK2UaaOqbl0&t=2194s\n\nwhat if im above ns? well i def long term wanna go there, but im building wealth rn\n\nincrease mags across my top 3 goals/problems. wealth, bromance, romance, in parallel\n\nim learning so much about the game of life lately really lvling up in this mmorpg lol\n\nbeing more online is like lvling up digital avatar in the mmorpg that is the internet\n\nim experiencing luck type 4 w dad!!! deal better not fall through. make it a fair price\n\nmake a vr flying around the world simulator for overview effect. get a google cardboard\n\nso basically i can be like a philosopher game dev music producer entrepreneur lol coder\n\nthere are dream teams in sport, but for me also in ideas. i wanna see deutsch X vervaeke\n\nmyspacetom is barely known, hes pretty incognito. there are a ton of rich people targets\n\nwrite about balaji, the 4th turning, history and living memory, that adventure time scene\n\nmaybe make a stage name like bruno mars, like bubba something. bubbadam? sorta not serious\n\nbtw theres soccer at adelup every tuesday thursday 515ish if anyone wants to come tomorrow\n\nive felt the power of the internet first hand. its insane. you have to be there to feel it\n\nive been trying to indiehack since comparrow lol. das my baby, lets call it todont or hower\n\nget a mini umbrella from mama or temu. parse temu. so i can be vampire marceline in the sun\n\nmaybe i need to revisit the prostitution massage place and revisit the dragon that burned me\n\nim finding new better ways of doing things in life at a blistering rate, its so fun so flowy\n\nmake a pseudonym that connects to anchor marianas on twitter. maybe my pseudonym is marianas?\n\nhave karaoke with spotify lyrics instead of going to a bar for it, just have it at your house\n\nmiguel duo mime costume for halloween. pinterest inspo, find good duo examples, find mime vids\n\npractice 8020 lucid dreaming again to look forward to sleep, check whoop if it notices strain*\n\nguys more rennaissances are possible yo. lets have 1 more 10 more *insert rick and morty meme*\n\ngoing up plato caves... being open to being pulled up, pulling up others. NOT being pulled down\n\nwatch more arjun. do podcast. do i show face? fine just dont oush it and minimum effective fame\n\nif someone long term does the "risky unknown" thing, you know its safe because theyre proving it.\n\ni could talk about getting rejected and the prostitute thing if i did a standup routine around it\n\nthe real frontier is where few people are but youre fuckin principally convinced its gold, its a gem\n\ndont be scared, principles will guide you. arm yourself in life with swords shields potions and levers\n\nill be a mime for halloween? stripe shirt and newspaper boy hat? check pinterest. subtle not gay outfit\n\nim playing the wealth creation game, glued to it, pouring myself into it like i would minecraft as a kid\n\nwork is a loaded term conjures an image of a cubicle and white shirt. the work i do is indiehacking a game\n\nim exploring the space and learning, im not here for conclusions all the time, ill have questions a lot too\n\nim luffy and i gotta find my strong crew online. people i want on my crew. life is a shonen for a young man\n\nas you grow up from parents, you experience tiny microcosms of life, exposed to more and more till infinity\n\nygh mom im becoming a sovereign individual at the begininning of infinity. make memes out if random thiughts\n\norder poker set temu or borrow from seb and have a halloween poker night at my house? same time as fam party?\n\nalso url2irl good for friends. or like soccer i made friends, i can learn about a person by thhe way they play\n\nyou can reframe "the scary unknown" to a mystery, a string you can pull and find out, life can be an adventure.\n\nconnect with good to go stroll guam people. talk about airtasker for guam. idk some tribelings here on island...\n\nhave a cinematic like wow for every eyeland new island. make mounts and ships a thing, like one piece inclusion.\n\nwow we may not die, and we can say that with a straight face. hes not tryna make a cult of personality or something\n\nwhat will be my hubs in the sovereign age? guam singapore dubai miami austin check nomadlist. thailand bali mumbai?\n\nwrite about anything i want to. do 1 then 2 then 4, curate at each ^2 mag crossroad, or if i dont care much do ^10.\n\nalso put studs on ball for more control. move around even a bit so youre always in motion and you can move on a dime\n\nwhere i live: internet, nomadlist url2irl network school. low cost. check life port. this is after i get out of debt\n\nchange online socials to adampalm? but ig wont let me? do warpacst now, and personal site cloning, and all that shit\n\nmy heroes admire each other lol. pieter likes sivers, elon likes who? check who each hero likes, starting 5 and bench\n\nit doesnt need to be hard but it is a long road. walking isnt hard, but walking along a 1000 mile path is a long road.\n\nwhat if i should live at dads with a starlink? less burn? less stress from mama? just need ac power. then nana will nag\n\nthere are things off your radar. blind spots of reality. imagine having a globe with grayed out areas, thats us sometimes\n\nsome moments give me goosebumps. rate the best bible books lol. genesis exodus iconic, new testament on the whole iconic.\n\nsoccer has so much life baked into it. prison, warnings, ethics, rules, creativity, group hunting, spatial chess like game\n\nits insane how the ingredients of the modern world were always here, from 150 cavemen to 8 billion humans and tech. wowzers\n\nif leo babauta and pia mia can do it, and gumataotao can make it to the dollar bill, then i can do it too. sweet spot fame*\n\nlucid dreams are subconscious interfacing like psyxhadelics and is the best sandbox game you can think of. you get feels too\n\npsychonauts have great thoughts. its a glass cannon all in strat can go wrong of course. tf needs more explanatory knowledge\n\nfuck get starlink or something for fifa ult team? pla to surf on guam. get a foil? a cheap surfboard online? idk. a used one?\n\nwhen i find a banger social account on x ig youtube and it has like 0 likes but i know its a gem, im like "FUCK YEAH" im early\n\nusually my goals come from surprise, people dont expect me as a defensive player most times recently to be decent at scoring lol\n\nbecoming a sovereign individual building the beginning of infinity feels like im frodo leaving middle earth for the cloud continent\n\ngo to the frontier, and youll notice that things on your radar (ideas) havent even been made manifest, its only in idea form. so ns...\n\nthe masters gave me the gift of clarity, with explanations and progress, i find meaning and peace of mind, its fun to play games yuh...\n\nalso as self defense you can live in a place where the internet DOES NOT overlap with land, like sivers in new zealand vs singapore. **\n\ncheck screenshot, ig bookmarks, and elijah guerrero recommendations for thrift places. or i can just dm the local thrift curator people\n\nlet me change. self-identity is a prison, and other people are the guards. so when you travel, youre as identity-tabula rasa as youll be\n\nfrontiersmen show its absolutely possible: fossbury, elon, pieter levels, etc. you can point to them to your mom and say im gonna do that\n\nindiehacking and music is VERY fuckin similar. im doing the same thing 4 years after highschool lol. graduated from real life intro school\n\ni just click click clicked so much from sg trip. i can compress after the insight cascade. bedrock has been levered up and theres more room\n\nbased on what youre doing now, what are your snapshot plans for your life? what is the limit to what you can think of doing? with this 1 life?\n\ni gotta move on because my creative plant is fuckin wilting rn. its like a dick, im going creatively limp rn i need novelty. damn what an analogy\n\nim having a cambrian explosion, this may be a miracle year for me. close to first dollar, been on and off this path for years but i never gave up.\n\nif you get good at a game you learn how to get good at games generally. sometimes skills can transfer. but whats the ult game? life itself perhaps\n\nim a master of finding gems: songs, people, things on internet. im a master internet digger im confident in saying that. im like fuckin narduar lol\n\ni gotta share all this good ass knowledge with the internet. adam palm. seb gonn make fun of me lol. its a neutral positive name. palm hand palm tree\n\nok i nailed cdm, or did well, now experiment with a layer of shielding. ill build myself into a great player. results speak for itself kind of player\n\ninterview dave pascoe farbood siim land. find gems on twitter youtube instagram that i follow. maybe interview and riff with joe mattia, just riff....\n\nwere just people playing different games. maybe well be able to make new planets. move faster. create new knowledge so new positive things on radar etc\n\nmaybe after buying nomadlist, find roomates, then live together in a cheap good url2irl place for cheaper house rent, like 908. find people on twitter?\n\ncheck tf for lifting advice he says kettlebells or hexagon deadlift. but i want social pifting/just activities. gotta find a way maybe rock climbing idk\n\nwe are alone on our own, but if we find each other on the map, we can find our tribe, our friends, and let results speak for themselves. make an ns startup\n\ni wanna be a creative across the board like how that poker player phil ivy is good at all poker. being sourced means being onniconoetent? not quite but kinda\n\ncome up with warpcast pseudonym then knock out the balaji bounties so long as no good submissions already. he should say when he accepts one or check comments\n\njust launch a ton, release hower to everyone and everywhere, then move on to the next best idea and get in my reps. do 100 thing. come on adam you can do this\n\nfriendship goal: different siloed friends being in the area and being like hey can i come over and hangout, and we have collective hobbies together like naruto\n\nmake small sivers-like blog posts. about life. use adam palm? make the pod. mag gems of guests. have 2 guests at a time people i think would have good chemistry.\n\nquit my career to risk it all solo. building http://browser.horse, the browser with trails. smart, funny, talented, and very humble ૮ ˶ᵔ ᵕ ᵔ˶ ა likeable funny dude\n\nwrite about content ive been really liking lately, put the lion trackers guide to life wow thats a diamond mine of laughs wisdom life stories. wow wow wow so much fun\n\ni change in one game and the other players in the other games dont yet know ive changed. their perception of me, understandably, is limited by the last time they saw me\n\nyou can do psychadelics mediatet lucid dream have experiences, learn sourced things(takes many spokes to see the inner and outer wheel), there are many ways to find source*\n\ni wish i was tall enough to play basketball but not too tall where i cant play soccer. 6’3 maybe like steph curry and socrates. but the goats are messi and ronaldo, hes 6’1\n\nwe played football at lunch, that was great for young boys, would be cool to just bring extra clothes, hose off, towel off, then come back into classroom. 2 hour lunch please.\n\ngoing to mars is like a whole new unlock. you know those mercator maps, yeah were gonna unlock another one baby! fuck yeah. this is the new physical frontier for humanity for life\n\nok do what scares you again. what do i fear? launching startups. ok but whats the update to the mantra?: yes have guts, but for LONG TERM things that i wont regret! THATS the nuance\n\nshower shave clean room clean truck get xbox vinyls sell vinyls golf clubs etc. think about bounties ns app with x dude. think about working w dad for geda pay. sell clothes in bulk\n\nim making an awesomely scaffolded indiehacking empire!!! mwahahahaha. its so clear and articulated i love it. all the lego blocks are clicking together into the configuration i want!!!\n\nif i analogize to guam, im already known, but not like lou leon guerrero known. thats a good example, or pia mia known. and i dont go to those fiery spaces either like politics or music\n\nstartups are like rowing boats navigating their way to a goal island, and with each checkpoint island, the ship can grow*, like one piece. write about parallels between tech and one piece.\n\nbeing on the frontier and engaging with the great unknown doesnt have to be so scary if youre well principled, have great explanatory scaffolding, and experiment well, with proper scoping.\n\nim mind walking through the idea maze first, then my body will do it. thoughts die so we dont have to. flow is immediate thought to action, tightly coupled, like in surfing or soccer or sport\n\ni only need to make 2k to get back to where i was. this indiehacking path is proven i can show mama. maybe i do need to be on twitter not sure, maybe i dont because there are indiehackers that dont\n\nwrite about indiehacking journey, coding journey, ill try to do 10-100 projects, experiment in breadth, then depth. link to adampang.com/shop and it shows all my products, maybe make an indiepage? idk\n\npost my starting 5 of technooptimist athletes, make it like tierzoo where i speak about em like athletes. humor is funny it just is. make a short 5minuteish slideshow with an ai voice over it. post on my twitter\n\nmusicians should publicly show what songs theyve archived / what songs are possible to show up in setlist so fans arent dissappointed that their fav song wasnt played like me with 1975 and the city girls chocolate\n\nget xbox and vinyls from seb. sell vinyls and golf clubs and what else? some things arent worth selling, too little cash for what getting. sell papas ring? not while grammys alive. so get it fitted? on a black ring?\n\nso glad i didnt get bad things i used to want: working in music? atdm? what else? real estate or whatever, i wouldnt of gone to first principles if my nth principles worked idk, my previous bad plans. like zoom school\n\nto get semi-permanent lodging. from 90 day popups to 3 year popups, the numbers have got to be actually good. people, cost of living, quality of life. they would want to live there literally more than anywhere in the world\n\nanchorm indiehacks. then money. then pay debt. then save and invest. then travel to network state. then girlfriend and sex theough visible competence and wealth and lifestyle? make friends value aligned and doing same things\n\ndont just do psychadelics dont be stupid/foolish. i did 7 days of research and took the set and setting very seriously, and it still sorta failed idk. i didnt have a mystical experience but thats ok. i was a temp psychonaut.\n\nas you follow the spokes of the frontier to the wheel od time, you explore to thw frontier the linits of shared knowlesge, then people offline are on the frontier at the speed of xdotcom IF they even self report tthw frontier\n\ni dotnt think life is meaningless, or at least we dint know what we dont knwo, so theres possibility. for up or down but we will not know lest we go on. death is a one way door we dont know what we dont know so lets experiment\n\ndo what scares you* the treasure you seek is in the cave you fear most. what do i fear most? idk im kinda in elevation mode, i feel like right now in this life chapter ive got a pretty good lay of the land of this level. lvling up\n\nthe market experiments are like fishing rods. you choose your bait, you choose your body of water, etc. you dont control if people buy your shit, but you know YOUR taste, and you can race to market for 1st dollar etc. learn by doing\n\ndont play the game if you dont want to, even if you won already. its like you finished the campaign and now youre working on your own project or whatever in minecraft or gta or whatev er game. now its a sandbox for you, the world is a sandbox\n\nas you lear to fish lvl up and empower yourself, your perception of the world changes radically and things arent as scary, youve become bigger than the problems that once burned and traumatized you, youre growing :) youre a levels happy cow lol\n\nmy origima psychadelic experience was like the library interstellar or those singapore art museum or tokyo infinite breadth depth lights. not super scary but nothing would resolve, it was just rock paper scissors over and over there was no final\n\ndo a blog post on singapore, then refer christian to it. use the md thing. start writing more. rate by the category first, then compress and glue together a complete post, and add an image. add to md template for each blog post. verbal and visual\n\nsports is good culturally for health its symbolic and shit. love it. not good for 0 sum mentality though and dont get trapped in lifes minigames. like gambling becoming a musician obsessing about sport thats the importance of ecology of practices/games\n\ncreate wealth, share it and get IOUs money, then leave house for a nomadlist top spot, or network school and adjacents. its gotta keep running like an irl business, then leave mama. i need to live on my own, be free, independent, have a better lifestyle to hold a girlfriend\n\nmaybe every island has a new mode of play, but cards transfer over. like a fantasy HS style card can have its fifa style version, then you play the game in a rock band way on the band eyeland, but its like that game i used to play where you use the keys and gotta be on beat for a level with a song\n\nmake a life starting hand, slope, y int goal visualizer. explanatory knowledge from internet in this new age helps solve problems from where you are want to be / actualizing your potential as a human, then transcending the game and helping others to win (where youre knowledgable / where you can help) live a good life yo\n\ntraveling alone is the most tabula rasa you can be in terms of expectations. i notice when im around old places or people from past, i go back to my old self, or at least feel like it. like when you see an old teacher as an adult you still feel lesser than even though you both are equals (minus seniority respect of course)\n\nglow in dark balls, 2 area not blinding floor lights chargeable waterproof like a jbl, and a speaker for vibes lol, and local legends, they can rate games and have a public private calendar. can follow each other on soccer social, then once i nail soccer, ill scale to basketball w local experts like colin santiago or something\n\nlove how i can bond with talking club over NBA. fuckin compatible vectors and shit. thank you visa for being an internet steward a friend catalyst. a master support player. some are support (healing and guidance), some are dps (executors and results), some are tanks  (order and stability). i wanna be all 3 a flex generalist player\n\nonly work at a job if its your actual fuckin aligned idea and people. if youd work on it anyway, or the job plugs you into leverage/resources which help you work on a higher scoped / resource intensive/gated project you both couldnt work on otherwise AND you genuinely want to work on. like id work in starfarms if i could/wanted to badly enough\n\nwhy im writing a blog: internet friends (cite xxdj671xx. i never met him irl but we played xbox with the boys together, link to fav video games. make a blog ui that makes it easy to link and search for the blog posts i want to link to, easy to insert links, or rather the build script will autodetect links and create a url title with diff text color.\n\n7 deadly sins boss battles eyeland. check wow themes and w101 themes. one piece island themes. steal like an artist. lotr etc. or noir city. MMORPG? something in metaverse? ar? nfts and shit. a marketplace. i wanna implicitly teach kids great life skills and explanations. holy shit this can be my education of life to the next generation. its not just a game lol mwahahahaha.\n\nif dont die works itll be like that adventure time scene where the cosmic owl and finn notice that everything repeats but poeple dont have tbe living memory to finish living the pattern to see it. but if we live longer we can see longer patterns (firsthand) which cant be understated for feels and perspectival knowing. i mean vr could simulate w ai but its not real. idk if this means anything\n\nwrite about my psychadelics experience. the research i did, the peoplpe i learned from. i did 7  days of research before doing it. i knew it was highly taboo, AND i knew it was potentially highly positive. i dont regret doing it, i do often think back to that experience. i didnt have the mystical experience i was seeking but thats ok. i dont feel an urge to revisit psychadelics, i dont think i need it again\n\nwhat was prime elon lky thiel balaji naval. i think balaji and naval arguably still in their prime. and athletes can make a comeback or have different versions or reinventions. i dont like how fifa forces 3 icon cards, delete and leave only the iconic icons. this is why i wanna make eyeland, its an education game, but i wanna make it like minecraft too where the community gets involved in making new things and rating\n\nblog my psycahdelic experience, rate each blog post by spiciness (the . talk about the never ending scary but not super scary origami never ending. i tried to let go. the colossal cosmic beings. it was a one way but positive door, psychadelics. im glad i dont trust the visions, but theres stuff to learn there in the subconscious i think, like jung said *. ** dont use a public channel if you have a private channel thats sufficient\n\ntry podcasting with my fav youtubers. whats the ideamaze here? whats the game plan with being on camera, my voice on internet. whats good internet safety and hygeine rules? nobody cares unless i reach 7 mags and 7 figures lol. you can be safely low for a bit, like tall poppy shit. but whats the plan for when youre on that threshold? slowing down and deleting shit to unfamous yourself? gpt this. its basically all good things till that point huh?\n\nfor exercise motivation, make it social. i can only do solo workout so much (100 kettlebells, when there are no pickup soccer games). i tried running daily but i get bored. i like soccer cause the workout is secondary, its social (multiagent, and therefore novel everytime cause the combinatorics) its a fun game, its a microcosm for life like poker or chess etc insert game, also minecraft is the best game, write about games that built me. rock band skate 3 etc\n\nyou can make potions with reagents. NEW GOOD POWERFUL things that were not even on peoples radars. remember that cavemen had ZERO thoughts about iphones or whatever, i think this isnt cemented in peoples heads enough. there will be NEW GOOD POWERFUL POSITIVE advancements that WE CANT EVEN CURRENTLY THINK OF, just as it has throughout history. lets solve our short term problems, think long term long range, on and on. but remember that we walk toward the infinite horizon, its actually miraculous.\n\non local legends people can congratulate you and highlight you that game. so everyone who plays that game can go to locallegends.com, allow location, find the game you played, and vote for your 3 highlight players and a daily 123 kahoot style leaderboard. need super easy ux. dont need to signup continue with google unless you wanna save record of your votes or sign yourself up. you can also claim your identity across different games. local legends can have a map and calendar for regular pickup games and how many players theyre looking for.\n\ni dont feel a need to do mushrooms again, 1 heroic dose was good enough. now was it one of the most meaningful moments of my life? lowkey, it was a microscopic look into the subconscious, and i feel permanently more open, like the research said people feel, i feel like it was like one of those wooden braces, that kept the cave from caving in on itself, like the wooden scaffolding in mining caves, its like brain support, at least in my experience, i did my own research, took my own risk, im not advocating for it. if in doubt, dont take it. err not.\n\nignore the temporary, the un-sufficient variables. ignore. what you do and dont do are equally important decisions you make in life. sword and shield and potion. healthy: defense, wealthy: offense, wise: potion. tank: shield, dps: sword, support: potion. speech, courage, vision. ** paladin soldier. mixed qualities like both 1 and 3 (paladin), or soldier and ranger are short and long range. and rogue is in the shadows, and mage is long range and transformations. fragile but super aoe powerful and can do things others cant. myths and archetypes for the superorganism. for the pirate crew for the heist crew\n\nlocal legends can be like a local pickup game social network, show your fav team you support, vote to pick a resembling player for local players to give new players a sense of what the player is like, pick top 1-2 reseblances. i wanna be like verratti. you can self assign who you want to be like vs what others think youre like, maybe a combo of 2 players. also it can use chain chat protocol, and a socket io group chat. encrypted? chain chat protocol so youll get notified of invites to hidden games. its like a fuckin hidden dungeon raid. life really IS like an MMORPG lol. thats a great analogy for the new age. name the new age\n\n