men fish women hunt.\n\n"fallible animal :)"\n\nvisit buddhist temple\n\nmen fish, women hunt.\n\nchild of mother earth\n\nto people watch, and...\n\nidentity is a funny thing\n\nGod prompted the everett.\n\nwomen initiate initiation\n\nwomen initiate initiation\n\nwere lacking stories / myths\n\ndream pod: deutsch X vervaeke\n\nwombs are portals to infinity\n\nwhere science meets the sacred\n\nwrite about status heirarchies.\n\nhow did nayib bukele gain power?\n\nOne commandment clubs within NS?\n\npeople are the ultimate resource\n\nwhat does the superorganism need?\n\nwhat is race but extended family?\n\neach generation builds on the last\n\ngeography ethnicity mental-culture\n\nconsume from diff times and spaces\n\nour species is still evolving btw.\n\nwhat problem/s does religion solve?\n\nthe leaf becomes root, w experience\n\nwe are the stewards of the everett?\n\na human existence is a group effort\n\na human existence is a group effort\n\nthiel = mimetic theory and technology\n\ni like understanding the misunderstood\n\nculture is a set of values that spread\n\nhow did the greek myths come together?\n\nreligion appeals to psychological needs\n\nmen are judged on utility and character\n\nwhy do i see old people as turtles lol.\n\ndo this for your island and your people\n\n- rene girard (learned from peter thiel)\n\nwhat are male rites of passage nowadays?\n\nwomen are judged on beauty and character\n\nwhat are the commonalities of religions?\n\nhumans are crystallized forces of nature\n\nlook at what people do. not what they say\n\ncomplex coordination of bits atoms humans\n\nwrite about bryan johnson jesus parallels\n\nwomen hunt, men fish. mama hunted dad lol\n\nUK is music OP. mixed people are looks OP\n\nreligion is values and practices and more\n\ninteresting how status structures shift..\n\ndouble down on the female experience at ns\n\nwhat are the extremes of human possibility?\n\nmystical experience questionairre look into\n\nbuddhist temple and family business stories\n\nyou are someones society, be a good society\n\n"with my family i am a communist" etc quote\n\nmultiplicity in unity, unity in multiplicity\n\narchetypes, the same shapes of people reccur\n\nat ns were creating the new athens basically\n\nwrite about cults. what makes a cult vs not?\n\ndecouple genetic lineage from memetic lineage\n\nwar is the pain of the world's consciousness.\n\nthere is a meta heirarchy.. genes and memes..\n\nmeaning is orientation through time and space.\n\nhow would that play out? culturally, war-wise?\n\nGrowing up around pretty much all girls/women.\n\ncaste systems and meritocracy are selfbreeding\n\nthe Jungian circle		myth anecdote and pragmatism\n\nlearn about time and space: history and cultures\n\nhumans are forces of nature. we are magic wands.\n\ntruths are true across time space people cultures\n\nan idea is to you as you are to the superorganism\n\nwork on crossborder forest city to singapore grabs\n\n- You cannot be what you cannot see. how do we see?\n\nlaws of physics, laws of people: mimesis, hypergamy\n\n• ns has been described as a civilizational backup.\n\n"sovereign individuals -> the sovereign collective"\n\nconversation w matua anghet? mutual creative control\n\npublic private harmony, in visibility and in society\n\ni am my grandfather i am my grandson, we are divine?\n\nthose who ignore history and other cultures are fools\n\nFOCUS ON THE INTERSECTION OF ART SCIENCE AND RELIGION\n\nwhat we thought was religious bedrock had more beneath\n\nwe are the cast members playing in the plot of history\n\nmens and womens struggles, across a lifetime, are equal\n\neconomy and travel will bring the world closer together\n\nwe dont spend enough time with nature and other animals\n\nwhat is true about attraction to women, across cultures?\n\nto people-watch, and forgetting you’re the same species.\n\nsecret psychadelic society at ns? how to do things lindy\n\nembodied social story of truth and infinite connectedness\n\nlearn more about other places. humanity is barely american\n\nthe coshaping of genes memes and the environments w agents\n\n- religions are like languages referring to the same spirit\n\nzahavian wealth gift giving. means commitment, cant fake it\n\ncollective phenotype human collective. nodes in the network\n\nreligions are baldwin effect collective beliefs / memeplexes\n\nwe are humans all born the same, just w different parts haha\n\nwe are humans all born the same, just w different parts haha\n\nthere are deep reasons why trad values exist existed and work\n\nns census for immigration age gender etc skills. demographics\n\nreverse slavery story, what if africans came into power first?\n\nsuicide shooters and kamikaze pilots have skin in the game too\n\nother configurations of humans prove diff outcomes are possible\n\ncoallitions only work when the tribe defends the individual no?\n\nthe outer adult grows around the inner child. skeleton and flesh\n\nwe need the masculine and the feminine for a functioning society\n\n"creation and curation. variation and selection. genes and memes"\n\nreligions are mosaics of values, just like a person. do we align?\n\nlearn how other great cultures have started and then got cemented\n\nwhat else could we know, us, the superorganism, an offshoot of life\n\npeople are not trained for an environment, were trained ON. big diff\n\nwe are not trained FOR environments, we were trained ON environments\n\nseperate ethnicity and culture, theyre often coupled but not always.\n\nmate selection for girls is based on the "basket of goods" of the man\n\nnow i see humanity as a superorganism w spirit and opponent processing\n\npeople aren't trained FOR environments, we are trained ON environments\n\nrealize that theres really someone else in there, in that other body..\n\nthe future can be found in the past. history counterracts living memory\n\nthe "collective consciousness" is the mind of the "superorganism of us"\n\nantirational memes are insidious. how do you exercise yourself of them?\n\ngay guys are to guys, as guys are to girls, as girls are to famous guys.\n\nmen succeed and fail more often than women, in general. more risktaking.\n\nwhat are the mainstream scripts? the subconscious normalities of society.\n\nlive with other animals, builds perspective: dogs cats horses mammals etc\n\nmen need women’s humans and potions (sex/children and nourishment/healing)\n\nsport substitutes for war. video games substitute for... what other things?\n\nmales and females' intelligence are the same, but interest and focus differs\n\nindia has a rich culture of wisdom, maths, traditions, architecture, art, etc\n\ncreate wealth first and get girlfriend. atomic family unit, is the cell of civ\n\ntalk about the curation of people and how thats not how the wild world is like\n\ndoes jealousy propel our species? status. positive sum wealth. well is it true?\n\nso cultures are memeplexes that fit well with that location’s gradient landscape?\n\nimprove what doesnt change. human nature hasnt needed to change much it still works\n\nthe intersection of scientific pagan christian worldviews = friendly ambitious nerd\n\nwe are not exactly trained FOR an environment, we are more trained ON an environment\n\nadd byron and tristan. learn from people different than us, better on certain vectors\n\npost about the superorganism view of humanity. living on this planet, one super being\n\neverything* is an explanation attempt: religions, mythologies, freud jung adler, etc.\n\nwell how does a cavemman get metal? first they'd need to know where it's located, no?\n\nwatch those psychadelic experiences videos of the girl with the southeast asian trauma\n\nis war opponent processing. is it the natural course of human nature like cain and abel\n\nyour culture doesnt have to be your whole personality. cultures begin as personalities.\n\nfood dance sex music cultures. 0 to 1 on this. make food. dance. have sex. create music.\n\ni havent been able to break darwinian morality. it can hold christianity and paganism no?\n\ntolerant of deviants. im not weird here, where id be weird back home. thats interesting..\n\ngenetic memetic and social engineering we dont talk about as much as software and hardware\n\ni think the food in a location influences hormones and height, like kids born raised in usa\n\npeople have different base mental scaffolding, like for thiel its mimesis and contrarianism\n\nscience and religion were interwoven, then seperated, and now will weave together once again\n\nwe are the environment, made conscious. what do we eat? environment... "you are what you eat"\n\nsome humans we treat like objects. some humans we treat like people. we can only care too much\n\nants are dumb, colonies are smart. humans are nodes in a networked superorganism, metaorganism\n\nyeah the conversation of different places and communities, like cities and ambition, is real..\n\ngirard came up with a great theory that explains anthropological, political, economic phenomena\n\nhumans are the flowers of the earth, the animated emergent moving things above the dead things.\n\nit is with our minds that we create the world - buddha. perception. frame studies. psychadelics.\n\nwow humans can cooperate across genetic boundaries. its weird but i love it. we got memes galore\n\nstories are like dreams or psychadelic trips, possibly informative of the subconscious, symbolic.\n\nevery person is connected to every person. exposure to bad and good actors. in the cloud continent\n\ni connect w internet people but also americans mostly.. and australians.. , in general, culturally\n\nid def be into girls that have diff genetics so we can have mixed babies and i learn a diff culture\n\nthere is as much mental variance in humans as is physical variance. there are giannised of the mind\n\nthere were 100 billion humans before. dont just explore space, explore the differences through TIME\n\nim learning so much about men and women and divorce and love and the economy of sexual market value\n\npeople are relevant to people in diff ways and to diff degrees. reminds me of universal gravitation\n\ntraumatic generational memory of war and peace, also for gender ratios of sons and daughters born..\n\nim so proud of my species, and life itself on this planet. were so cool. children of mother earth..\n\nim so proud of my species, and life itself on this planet. were so cool. children of mother earth..\n\nresearch the ancient and eliusinian mysteries again, also rick doblin and tim ferriss michael pollen\n\nhow do we know were not in a cult event lol. the history of cults and common characteristics to avoid\n\ni guess its to be expected to encounter an odd cast of characters. diff genetics, similarish memetics\n\nuse lower population analogies for geopolitics. anthroporphize and tell stories about big global players\n\nbe a creator and connesiour of ecologies of practices, there is no other way of participating in meaning?\n\nmen want sex, women want resources, both needed for kids, a focus of ethics (quantity and quality of life)\n\nthe native american peyote church, its psychedelic, its cultural, its ethnic, its scientific, its all one.\n\nare humans always bound by relativity? like status, comparison, competition? mimetic theory and scapegoats?\n\nmy tribe is not on island, we only align on certain vectors: exercise, being chamorro, being guamanian, etc\n\nso many different ways of living ive been observing its fascinating, and it all seems to work for them idk.\n\npeople on guam dont know how isolated or out if the loop we are, lest you travel digitally or geographically\n\nis violence curation? is violence needed for curation or is mere economics a good enough curator of genetics?\n\nits fascinating how everyones genuinely different and genuinely interested in different realms of knowledge..\n\nits very confusing having to engage and surf different cultures and people here. with all their unique quirks\n\ni think i grew up in a partially dynamic, partially static society, family culture, and religious upbringing..\n\nwe are a superorganism. you cannot replicate alone. dna is the immortal creature. get good at code media people\n\n“how do we know were not in a cult” event. the history of cults and what to avoid and what we can learn from them\n\nare we always a little racist? is it impossible to not make assumptions based on looks? judging by a books cover?\n\nsome cultures are more compatible with others. the start of a culture is a single person's personality and values.\n\nmaybe evolutionary incest is like how the root remains w branching paths and reterning to source. human superorganism\n\nand even if you are a dynamic person, like how Athens was a dynamic society, that is no guarantee of survival either!\n\nsharing online, dunbar's number, combinatorial explosion, and seeing people as objects, because you must at some point\n\nwrite about evolutionary religion. preface with "evolutionary psychology" means you dont know what youre talking about.\n\nwhen people cant unite, they fragment, fragments compete? or cooperate while staying seperate? or dont interact at all.\n\nreligions are value bundles that have worked darwinianly for a long time so i wont throw the baby out with the bathwater\n\nat what point did humans fork from other species and we can run darwinian evolution in our heads? evolution on evolution\n\npaganism and christianity together are correct for darwinian ethics? like shadow integration? and infinite game playing?\n\ni notice that so much of what i think is foundationed in others' thoughts. so whats mine? maybe its just the superorganism\n\ncompare real people to real people. not platonic ideals of people. never thought of it that way, that constraint of reality\n\nreconcile pagan and christian paradigms: strong and good. like goku, like aaragorn. you dont have to choose, YES AND. BOTH.\n\nscience doesnt need to kill religion, the godshaped hole can be filled with modern knowledge of meaning making etc and myth\n\nreligions often “work”, but their followers dont know WHY they work. work meaning “helps them solve problems and live well”\n\nthe mind can evolve and upgrade like a species to its environemnt and coevolving w environment because we can affect it too.\n\nbe known but not famous. be in the classroom but not the popular kid. model the world like highschool sorta. its a microcosm\n\nsome cultural status structures are same some differ. status is like cultural incentives based on values of that people and land.\n\neven if you live in the future, you still need to interact with the past, like your family, reminds me of thiels insider outsider\n\namericans usually forget the chinese are our fellow humans, heck within the country they forget, just diff ideology and governance\n\ni think a lot of clues regarding sex dating marriage can be found in history. study this on Apr 23, 2025 at 12:00 noon - 12:30 noon\n\nto know your family and ethic culture is to know your context. where you are frim geographically and genetically. to love is to know\n\ni should be able to write a blog post that combines 2 or more blog post topics: darwin evolution + ethics. darwin ethics + psychology\n\nreach out to cool guam peoplle like rarran football, jedcal, etc. help solve their problems with my mind and questions and curiosity.\n\ngirls are scared or iffy about most guys. the top 20% of guys get ACTIVE attention from them. zahavian signals: fashion muscles wealth\n\nas the tribe has grown to the size of the planet, the projects have gotten bigger but so has the help/support to get sufficient size..\n\ntalk about being from guam and its career challenges, maybe its a good constraint because i really focus on code and media because of it\n\ntalk about culture shock, like a fish tank where you change the water too fast it drowns. so imma titrate instead. the dose is the poison\n\neveryone brings with them their culture its kinda rough trying to get used to / understand and engage w all of them seamlessly. but so be it\n\ni noticed that in ns, most people spend time getting to know each other, then the building happens long term, theyre teaching each other shit\n\na fish does not see the water. this is like ns and also like guam, this is true of every place. be in the bubble bath, not in any one bubble?\n\nshow the similarities of sourced spokes in different spaces. the illusion of seperation. its fun to learn from other cultures and their framings\n\nchristianity was humanitys favorite story series the last 2k years or so, NOT minimizing it, stories are extremely powerful and they need respect\n\nchristianity was humanitys favorite story series the last 2k years or so, NOT minimizing it, stories are extremely powerful and they need respect\n\nnoticing mimetic desire. there is positive peer pressure and negative. it begs the question "what makes a particular pressure negative or positive?"\n\nat ns, we all want similar things, sounds like mimesis, but theres a positivity to having people around you where we pull each other all up. its cool\n\ndrop a person into a jungle and theyre prey, drop 100, and theyre an apex predator. why? why does a group outperform an individual? is that even true?\n\ni dont get why other people stay here. i know why im here, for tech opportunity, but as a consumptive good, i dont get why maanasa and olena stay here..\n\nare humans bound to be competitive? people have different stats, but do we always compete on your highest stat? thiel, girard, mimetic theory, scapegoats.\n\nshow nspals map, and show the value in getting people from each continent for accurate world knowledge from every geography and culture, just as reference\n\nenergy and manufacturing feed into each other. we spend time, so longevity fits into that. life energy/duration, but with kids we live pseudo-eternally, so...\n\ntie the dna is the immortal creature to my ideas around evolution reason for religion. baldwin effect. but tie in brett hall's just so criticism, addressing it\n\nwhen i learn about ancestors ive never seen, i feel connectedness, because i know were connected, i see the chain, but the links go on infinitely like the avatars\n\npeople are good at diff resolutions of understanding in a system, depending on the level of abstraction, but the totality of the relevant superorganism entity KNOWS\n\nwhy see grandparents? ancestor meaning, wisdom, grandparent grandchild synergy lol. genetic repos aligned lol. selfish gene. win and help win. win=getting what you want\n\npost the parasocial landscape. visa is older brother, arjun is younger more successful brother. naval is dad. elon thiel balaji. lky. ben franklin. vervaeke, rafe kelley\n\nLearned a lot and started to see that religions, cultures, seem to independently, and in a historically emergent fashion, point to the same values, religious concepts, stories.\n\nwhat is the name of NS people, and the eventual blend of genes.. baldwin effect shit encoded into genes, from memes to genes. what is the nation? the culture? its all very nascant rn.\n\nfind a local suruhana or suruhanu, interview? wisdom guest speaker? guests can, after we nail and scale, just speak to the group, we can have recordings online and record via a tripod.\n\nstories/myths are humanities memories, still things to learn from it, symbolically or otherwise. knowledge preservation is important just like knowledge growth, how about unlearning too?\n\nstories/myths are humanities memories, still things to learn from it, symbolically or otherwise. knowledge preservation is important just like knowledge growth, how about unlearning too?\n\ncultures and religions are like emergent organic programming of people. maybe governance is the only top down intentional thing. its like the back of the brain and the front (prefrontal cortex)\n\nwhen i notice im thinking about myself too much, i know to look to things beyond me, the meaning purpose question and all. kids, religion, culture, others, the future, these bigger concepts, math\n\nbeing raised by women and around women my whole life, it has pros and cons for sure, i can understand a woman's mind, but i also need to get better at my external virtues/traits for sure.., i was\n\nWrite about death and mr joe’s death. I just left, and then came back, and he was gone. The life had left from his body. We will be like this. It was hard to see my grammy go through that, but idk..\n\nhitler got strat and results right, but values wrong. idk about moral objectivity but i think in darwinian ethics terms lens. the best i got. or see how ethics emerge in humanity. or in other species\n\nif you stay in one place and people from all over the world travel and go in and out of there, its as if youve travelled all over the world in a way. we need that antifragile colocation though alboors..\n\nwe learn the gists of the previous generations. do more of the good less of the bad, we encounter a new frontier new problems, we fuck up because of lack of knowledge, rinse and repeat with new generation\n\nbro imagine the edo period for all network states. like japan and all the cool stuff that emerged from it over time. thats so cool. positive emergence is magic. what a mysterious force. like consciousness\n\nit's fascinating to learn about our deepest theories of knowledge (epistemology), because in unexpected ways, they connect to my whole life: economics, relationships, songs, flow-state, life, death, ns, etc.\n\nwrite about how genes manifest as both genders, i think this is why we find people that have both qualities attractive. a guy with good aesthetics for example, a fiery woman for example, it's a yin yang thing.\n\nis there an evolutionary reason for war? i mean its large scale violence right? and with a lack of sufficient growth, violence emerges. it makes sense to take more pie and not cooperate if the pie aint growing\n\nmen build out the tech tree, the walls, that women choose to garden within, where they feel safe, because they are more fragile, and the babies within them are more so.. so i gotta be strong and all that lol..\n\nfunnily enough, often the agnostics know the sacred texts more than the religious. write about "to and from religion", why i saw through it. + the language analogy of diff religions + the similarities i notice.\n\nshow my big 5 traits from years ago, the pdf thing. we are fragile in mind, diverse in genetics, maybe we need colocation of diff ideologies with philosophia so we can opponent process, and were all better for it.\n\nfinding a mate is crucial for the species and since their is no neutral human, there are 2 genders who must resonate with their masculinity and feminity to create a 3rd note: children. the nuclear family is stable power\n\nwrite about religion from an evolutionary perspective. tie into the dna is the immortal creature thread. write about the craziness of birth control and the internet as 2 recentish immense humanity changes and their effects\n\nif we get genetic repos. i wanna map out what genes do what and which are more stable old deep and which are experimental new. whcih are critical which are trici. i wanna see similarities. etween different geographies and ethnicities\n\ntalk about how fiction and myth, related to peterson might be rising in secular scientific society because science is the religion killer on the dogmatic front, but myths are pertinent to YOU and how YOU live your life, and the bottom 3 Ps too\n\nimagine new cultures of people we cant even imagine. we need more genetic variance though through genetic modification and study. in hardware cost curves need to come down. you think if china ever self destructs that we can use their factories?\n\nmaybe i can talk about the guam culture i grew up in, very family-oriented, traditional-ish culture. so its really interesting to live alone, independently, on my own rather. which is a good masculine opportunity for the long run, so thats good\n\nhumans are endlessly fascinating, people watching is one of my favorite past times, imagining that persons life, i only see it at a glance, in low resolution, but they live it in high resolution. but what art do you want to live in high resolution\n\na man who can go through uncomfortable times makes women have a comfortable time. the stronger the walls, the more beautiful the garden within. men are the container for the woman who is the container for the child who is the container for infinity\n\nthe buffet, the hallway of different world religions and ways of being. can we pick and choose? to create a new way? i think the multiplicity is good for the consumer, have multiple schools of thought and let time be the real test. that is darwinian.\n\nsexual competition is the only competition you cant escape, the good thing is that we can collab, and not just compete, and it helps to elevate the species. men create women curate. we kinda do both to each other. women also create and men also curate.\n\nshow the elves leaving middle earth like ns parallel haha. the silver shores? the elves are leaving this planet. demographics are powerful coordinating forces. nationalities, memetics, genetics, shared experiences bond people too. go through adventures together small and big\n\nshow the elves leaving middle earth like ns parallel haha. the silver shores? the elves are leaving this planet. demographics are powerful coordinating forces. nationalities, memetics, genetics, shared experiences bond people too. go through adventures together small and big\n\ni hired a prostitute because i was so tired being a virgin, it was like guma' uritao, i wanted to know what it was like. but chamorus were pagan no? what does that mean? how does thinking about these concepts and histories change the way that i live life? is christianity the final religion? time will tell\n\ntalk about most of human history, and how histry is running in reverse, rn we have people from all over the world, diff cultures, etc. a melting pot, but eventually, with eugenics and genetic engineering, societies will start to melt in that pot, and we become one culture, one ethnicity, multigenerational tribe..\n\nreconcile God and gods. thats the 3rd commandment, thats an ideological defense against other ideologies, thats why ideologies are sticky, they also defend against other ones. its not a virus, but it does take hold of the minds it possesses, like a spirit. it can be for better or worse. how do you judge if something is better or worse, you compare? how else?\n\nwrite about growing up with all girls, then going to an all boys school. interesting polarizing experiences. about that one summer with aunties, seeing staunch left and staunch right. i think thats why i like playing the diplomat archetype, share my snapshot past big 5 stats. i always think there is a third way. im not very tribal, i dont like just one football club, i just like playing the sport.\n\nwhat got me onramped into the discussion of "leaving born into religion" was: but christians think theyre right, if i was born in middle east id think islam was the one true one. i had cognitive dissonance about that. same with any scene and culture. would i be a nazi if i was raised during that time in germany? idk. we cant run the experiment but its something to consider. contexts do influence us, like pg's cities essay\n\nreligions are like different languages refering to the same thing. ALSO yaknow how certain languages have words that dont translate well? thats like a word that exists in language A but NOT B. so if you spoke language B, and heard about this new word that has no direct translation, the concept was outside the original realm of conception. catholicism and guma' uritao are mutually exclusive, but both independent emergence amongst human coallitions\n\nbeen learning about greece, there is a cultural heritage perhaps: greece, rome, netherlands, britain, america, internet. 400+ bce they made democracy in athens, and now at ns were trying to upgrade democracy. from 51% to 100%. wow thats cool. talk about socrates critique of democracy. talk about personal stories about ** wow yeah we can have actual democracy. just like athens. we can vote with blockchain, like voteagora. learn smart contracts to be useful to them. yeah learn this\n\nmake a dingboard meme showing a spectrum of the people who you interact with are most "Persons" to you, and the people you only know of are more like "things". this is how dunbar perception works, this is my hypothesis explanation. its like how we know there are starving kids in africa but tbh we dont care THAT much, but if a starving kid was RIGHT in front of us, wed help right away (this is salience, this is the difference between propositional vs perspectival knowledge @vervaeke)). learn from that guy\n\ni notice i like hanging out with people that need me first, sorta like nana. and people that i admire, and people that are out there and weird and talk a lot. i also am tolerant of social outcasts. id like to think i can talk w anyone. i dont like labels and shit. wow with the internet connecting the globe, the aperture of change is huge. in some ways globalization makes the more homogenous, in other ways, deviation is increasing wildly. its like were all trees morphing into one giant tree. bigger roots and trunk, also wildly deviant branches and leaves.\n\ni notice i like hanging out with people that need me first, sorta like nana. and people that i admire, and people that are out there and weird and talk a lot. i also am tolerant of social outcasts. id like to think i can talk w anyone. i dont like labels and shit. wow with the internet connecting the globe, the aperture of change is huge. in some ways globalization makes the more homogenous, in other ways, deviation is increasing wildly. its like were all trees morphing into one giant tree. bigger roots and trunk, also wildly deviant branches and leaves.\n\nunbundling of cultures religions institutions history commandments, then bundle back. see which people are most compatible along the ideological axes you share or dont share. then theres dating. from ideology to biology. some subscriptions are expensive, others free, some benefits, maybe taxation from gas fees idk. you layer value on value on value on value, and when people align mostly, biology is made, and its like a new race if they stay together long enough, its a literal genetic repo merge to main. but THAT ns's main branch. maybe theres an ultimate main branch globally, across the galaxy, but there are experiments then merges, in a patternr. like the branches of a tree, the merge to trunk, then variation again in the roots\n\nblog about science-compliant meaning lol. 1 there is no seperation, your skin, to air, to space, to infinity, to the expanding universe. you are connected to everything, and even your skin to your blood etc. and the material youre made of was always here since big bang. and even the dna that controls how the atoms are arranged, are tied from the first lifeforms on earth, imagine a chemical hot mess of a planet, from that lifeform, to the first unicellular lifeform, to multicellular, to the first sealife, to the first landlife, to the first mammals, through the dinosaur age, through prehistoric times, to protohumans, all the way to ancient societies, ALL your ancestors, all the way to the beginning of AD, through time through time, all the same big bang materials, through time, to your great great grandparents, going through so much hardship to get you to here, and their great grandparents, to your grandparents, to your parents, to you. and now its your turn in the life chain to self replicate and self defend. there is no seperation of being, through time and space. some call this infinity across time and space, in religious language: "being in God's presence"\n\nif yount foster, import. culture is often a ridgid ting\n\nembodied social story of truth and infinite connectedness\n\njust as dormant genes (JP laden), dormant people in gene pool\n\nancient wisdom: female consumptive love: hansel and gretel etc\n\ndarwinian ethics is based around life death and quality of life\n\nreligions are mosaics of values, just like a person. do we align?\n\nthe future can be found in the past. history counterracts living memory\n\nlive with other animals, builds perspective: dogs cats horses mammals etc\n\nraces are like pokemon types. i want a double type children w my chamorro\n\nwe participate in history so cool, we are tied to first lifeforms on earth\n\nisnt it crazy that we are living creatures made up of living creatures? lol\n\nmales and females' intelligence are the same, but interest and focus differs\n\nhighschool is like a microcosm of life so it can traumatize, just like family\n\nindia has a rich culture of wisdom, maths, traditions, architecture, art, etc\n\ncults def have downsides but theyre actually great from a meaning-making lens\n\npang means intense feeling and innovative. pangelinan means without human touch\n\njungian rambling then pattern analysis, kinda like the sidewalk from grasspaths\n\nsome aspects of relgiions are attempts of explanation like genesis or greek myths\n\nwrite about the hiden people, people not on internet, not in the locatioon youre at\n\nimprove what doesnt change. human nature hasnt needed to change much it still works\n\ntransitioning into the new age will have the most genetic change in a while i think\n\ndamn deutsch thought about wealth life induced demand too. we make kids as much as we can\n\ntheres a reason why love is the best subject of songs, its darwinian, another explanation\n\npeople have different base mental scaffolding, like for thiel its mimesis and contrarianism\n\ni think the food in a location influences hormones and height, like kids born raised in usa\n\ndeutsch illustrating the beginning of life on earth is chilling. ancestor worship. we are replicators\n\ni think most religions are like languages, they use different words to point to the same thing/concept\n\ni like indian culture and people ive met generally very friendly people techy spiritual. ive met these\n\nuse lower population analogies for geopolitics. anthroporphize and tell stories about big global players\n\nevolutionarily, is birthing great ideas just as good as birthing great children? idk. i wanna do both lol\n\nmy tribe is not on island, we only align on certain vectors: exercise, being chamorro, being guamanian, etc\n\npeople on guam dont know how isolated or out if the loop we are, lest you travel digitally or geographically\n\nthanks papa, im gonna stand on the shoulder of him, the giant, ill learn from my ancestors and teach my descendants\n\nyou to your parent to their parent on and on through time and to the first lifeforms of earth, there is no seperation\n\nreligions are value bundles that have worked darwinianly for a long time so i wont throw the baby out with the bathwater\n\nat what point did humans fork from other species and we can run darwinian evolution in our heads? evolution on evolution\n\ni love thigns from my ancestors esp the ones ive never met. makes me feel at home on earth, like i belong in life idk lol\n\nns nodes is like how you have family all over the world and you can stay with then. biology and ideology intertwined mostly\n\nscience doesnt need to kill religion, the godshaped hole can be filled with modern knowledge of meaning making etc and myth\n\nbe known but not famous. be in the classroom but not the popular kid. model the world like highschool sorta. its a microcosm\n\nthe mind can evolve and upgrade like a species to its environemnt and coevolving w environment because we can affect it too.\n\nidentity is contextual, we assume and assign roles based on context @vervaeke. to an alien, i am human, to a parent, i am child\n\namericans usually forget the chinese are our fellow humans, heck within the country they forget, just diff ideology and governance\n\nto know your family and ethic culture is to know your context. where you are frim geographically and genetically. to love is to know\n\nhuman nature will remain the same as long as it doesnt need to change lol. over the long term weve been doing fine from a darwinian lens\n\ni feel safe in chinatown not because theyre ethnically chines/asian, but CULTURALLY. we are both genes and culture, hardware and software.\n\nmaybe life itself is like one big species. its using different species for variation and selection. the more celled species are bigger bets etc\n\nshow the similarities of sourced spokes in different spaces. the illusion of seperation. its fun to learn from other cultures and their framings\n\nthe beginning of a species is a family. what is race but extended family, what is species but extended race? what is life but extended species? etc\n\nmaybe white skin is a status thing because that means your genes dont need to allocate calories to melanin or something. so hairless, pale. what else?\n\nomg people are ethnically homogenous: same genetic vector, same cultural vector layer on top. ideology and biology vectors align with baldwin effects etc.\n\nwe perceive certain things as irrational, but deep down its rational. guys get successful TO have easier access to higher quality women (lots of great sex)\n\nwhen i learn about ancestors ive never seen, i feel connectedness, because i know were connected, i see the chain, but the links go on infinitely like the avatars\n\nguys are infinitely horny, girls are infinitely picky. so the generation and curation is wild, and together it elevates the species. there is no neutral human. wow\n\nhumans are transmutations of wealth (food, shelter, etc all coming together to foster a human life) an agent of action, understanding, consciousness, its amazing.)\n\nwhy see grandparents? ancestor meaning, wisdom, grandparent grandchild synergy lol. genetic repos aligned lol. selfish gene. win and help win. win=getting what you want\n\nRedemption through Suffering: The narrative suggests that acknowledging one’s sins and seeking forgiveness can lead to moral regeneration and reconnection with society.\n\noedipal complex is an explanation lol. myths touch on old explanatory legos but theyre not the whole modern structure just a block* value explanations? merging BoI and SI?\n\ni care about you, my influences. i see myself in them somewhat, to differing degrees. there is no seperation. i am not seperate from the air around me, from you and them, etc\n\nits best that we differ for spikiness trade and the superorganism resilience, and we have dormant genes in our lifetime and also our genes? like hidden in dormant chromosomes?\n\ni feel like korea has bad health hygeine: drinking culture and works late into the night. work ethic must be balanced by rest ethic. seems true of the classic east asians. the tigers?\n\ncollective beliefs allows me to cooperate with another human ill never see again in my life. love that. species superpower. tierzoo s tier. check that channel again and also whatifalthist\n\ncultures and religions are like emergent organic programming of people. maybe governance is the only top down intentional thing. its like the back of the brain and the front (prefrontal cortex)\n\nhitler got strat and results right, but values wrong. idk about moral objectivity but i think in darwinian ethics terms lens. the best i got. or see how ethics emerge in humanity. or in other species\n\nthe brain kinda imprints on different things: God state network. collective beliefs. just like a duck should* imprint on its mom, but sometimes it can imprint on a person, or a white ball or something.\n\nwest not respecting east is like in GOT when they didnt respect the dothraki or unsullied or something idk. the west has dragons and castles and shit so… maybe analogy breaks down but was always broken lol\n\nwe care about what we say because of social reputation which is core to survival. you can stick out or fit in in bad and good ways, what an insight! a great framework. 2x2 matrix. matrix multiplication lol\n\nis there an evolutionary reason for war? i mean its large scale violence right? and with a lack of sufficient growth, violence emerges. it makes sense to take more pie and not cooperate if the pie aint growing\n\ndiff religions are like different languages saying the same thing just with different words. there is iverlap and some specialties in diff world religions. i wont throw the baby out with bathwater with religions though\n\nthe world is becoming a great big village of tribes and shit, we can abstract away a ton and model it as 150 people or so. idk if dunbar number is legit but seems so, that part of my scaffolding is fuzzy, other things im more convinced of\n\nwhat ethnicities are most distant from each? we measure our genetic repos. do research about the kids of more mixed kids, is that better? from local optima * local optima. id get with a native american, indian, brazilian, what other continent?\n\nimagine new cultures of people we cant even imagine. we need more genetic variance though through genetic modification and study. in hardware cost curves need to come down. you think if china ever self destructs that we can use their factories?\n\npeople have powers like that: diff iqs and big 5 profiles, certain character quirks. make this for the people stats website? show your iq and big 5 traits with crypto proof, is that unethical lol. show your genetic repo? genetic testing and bloodwork\n\nim just a thing to certain people, and likewise, because of dunbar, only 150 people are actual people to me, its just how the brain works right? its like we dont lose sleep over the dying person across the world, but the one right in front of us we do care. its weird\n\nevery life is a life experiment, life itself experiments to see what genetic lines keep on. we are descendents of life for millions of years from the chemical mixtures that replicate. we are of the universe, we may be the only conscious beings we dont know. both scenarios are scary\n\nnew cults and new religions CAN be good, let results speak for themselves. christianity was better than say the suicidal cults. those were foolish cults vs wise cults like buddhism or something. central figures, eternal infinite themes. well those are the big ones. even soccer clubs can be cult-like\n\ni dont think it would happen, but with globalization, is genetic homogenity a good thing? in the sense if over time, "purebred" races became extinct and everyone was kinda the same mix, like you wouldnt say im 1% spanish 1% nattive american 1% xyz, youd just say im 100% earthan or something. idk if this is good or bad\n\nwomen set the standard for humanity, men are the protagonists. men provide seed, women take it in, women provide milk, the young take it in, the young grow up, and it all repeats. women set the bar, men have to pass their bar. we dont even talk about the sexual marketplace candidly, its like a secret game we all play lol\n\ndo ethnicities have different iq and big 5 profiles, broadly? are ethnicities like dog breeds? lol. what happens when we have epigenetics, and can you change genes live (in a lifetime) to enact change? and can you also change your genes so that your kids will have em? focus on the 8020 that matter for the problems you have\n\nno problems is a problem. the ancients may not have had good explanations but they got certain black box outputs/conclusions correct. but just because "modern" people didnt know the explanations of phenomena, they didnt trust. kinda like holistic and modern medicine. SOME holistic medicine is only later found out to be actually good\n\nthe biggest theory conflict reconciliation that begins the new age is science and religion. wow. and jp is onto shit i like that he touches on deep things. hes the spiciest most swordy player i have on my bench. for heroes leaderboard starting 5 and bench, edit in sports headbands on em. also rate by spiciness level, impact on me, tag why, and\n\nevolution doesnt "design" per se. were not designed for 1 thing. sometimes parts of our brain can be exapted for a different purpose. like hypothalemus was for balance for example, idk if i got the right term but bear with me. now its used for MENTALLY balancing. same mini organ, different but similar utlity. but why even say it? say what repeats. articulate what repeats. understand it so you can solve your problems.\n\nwhat got me onramped into the discussion of "leaving born into religion" was: but christians think theyre right, if i was born in middle east id think islam was the one true one. i had cognitive dissonance about that. same with any scene and culture. would i be a nazi if i was raised during that time in germany? idk. we cant run the experiment but its something to consider. contexts do influence us, like pg's cities essay\n\ni am you, you are me, we are one. our genes will meet in time, karma is real in that way in a sense. isnt it cool how theres no neutral sex/gender? i think its interesting how genes manifest in either masculine or feminine incarnations. also its interesting i read somewhere that in good times (for a couple), more songs are born (like 51%), then in bad times more daughters are born (like 49%). lets riff on this evolutionary reason for a bit\n\nexotic is relative, and it means youll have a disparate genetic repo (your kids) which is good no? ive never heard of genese TOO seperate (disparate ethnicities getting together) vs TOO close (incest) = genetic disorders and diseases caused by overlapping genes. the more genetic diversity the more resilient no? and some ethnicites are generally recently mixed, until they become their own stable branch of humanity: like how brazilians are generally mixed\n\nmake a dingboard meme showing a spectrum of the people who you interact with are most "Persons" to you, and the people you only know of are more like "things". this is how dunbar perception works, this is my hypothesis explanation. its like how we know there are starving kids in africa but tbh we dont care THAT much, but if a starving kid was RIGHT in front of us, wed help right away (this is salience, this is the difference between propositional vs perspectival knowledge @vervaeke)). learn from that guy\n\nass tits waist hips face style character energy vibe. genes (diff from mine) make the ethnic difference dashboard paired with nucleus, or 23 and me? because im curious what would happen if i got with someone with an ethnicity thats most genetically different to minimize repeating genes, just like everyone avoids incest, and what is race but extended family in a sense. im not trying to be like a nazi lol im curious about genetic data. i havent been able to hammer charles' darwins theory of evolution, in the sense\n\nunbundling of cultures religions institutions history commandments, then bundle back. see which people are most compatible along the ideological axes you share or dont share. then theres dating. from ideology to biology. some subscriptions are expensive, others free, some benefits, maybe taxation from gas fees idk. you layer value on value on value on value, and when people align mostly, biology is made, and its like a new race if they stay together long enough, its a literal genetic repo merge to main. but THAT ns's main branch. maybe theres an ultimate main branch globally, across the galaxy, but there are experiments then merges, in a patternr. like the branches of a tree, the merge to trunk, then variation again in the roots\n\n