now my attitude to everyone and anything is like "ill do my own thing, im detached from outcomes, dont give a damn kind" but i believe in optimism (deutschian)\n\na cofounder is like a marriage. it needs to be a nobrainer: intelligence energy integrtiy. be that person to the max first. where can i improve? energy perhaps\n\n"there are no adults": Don’t put any adult on a pedestal. Kill your gurus. A more useful belief: The 'adults' aren’t going to save you — they don’t even exist.\n\ncringe is relatable. if you think youre the only weird one, you just dont know others enough. the good side of bad. just like fire is life not just destruction\n\ncringe is relatable. if you think youre the only weird one, you just dont know others enough. the good side of bad. just like fire is life not just destruction\n\nyou cant fake courage. who are the courageous people who had skin in the game and performed on stage? aishia, lucas, maanasa, adam, kovid, athon, simon, thomas\n\nimperfection/lesson for improvement: dont pop during the day, only before bed. it feels good to have learned this, even though yesterday seemed almost wasted..\n\ndont let anyone get you down. fuck that, never give up. you can absolutely solve your problem given the right understanding and right action. you got this anon.\n\nthats a great pithy heuristic: if you want girls that you like to like you, live and level up so that YOU like YOU ~ noah kagan. great framing. do YOU like YOU?\n\norder laptop stands for people? at ns, the pieter levels one? these are real people. push past the limiting beliefs. if it does not break physics it is possible\n\nproblem-identification=turn your sharingan on. problem-understanding=voraciously learn on the internet. problem-action=relentlessly do shit to solve the problem.\n\nif there are friends with different beliefs, that is a good sign for both people. if there are friends with only same beliefs, that is a bad sign for both people\n\ni learned from kian sadeghi to not just talk to a vip just because. and hes not a vip, STOP pedastalizing people. elon used to suck. michael jordan used to suck.\n\nalso banking on the principle of optimism, that i dont know what future me will think say and do, there are new thoughts to be had, the future we do not know yet\n\nyeah i dont want to live life out of anger. so what spirit do i want to live life out of? its like how zuko was animated by anger, then he had to learn a new way\n\nfocus on attraction luck, am i just gonna indiehack like the rest of em? thats like saying elon you shouldnt build companies because others have already done that\n\nbe visibly competent. reels and shit, or actually just start within ns. nail then scale, be a contextual alpha within ns. s players only wanna play with s players\n\nI thought if i failed, then i was a failure. But then that also means that if i succeed, then im a success. Identity and results can get wrapped up in silly ways.\n\nwrite about how everything you think is a mistake, everything you do is a mistake, just be less wrong in theory and practice. on Jun 12, 2025 at 6:30 AM - 7:00 AM\n\ni think and know* its possible to "be me" be kind/good/happy, AND be attractive and have success with women. there is an ethical way to make money, make love haha\n\ndo not stress too much over any one girl. girls university jobs theyre all permissioned. work on the permissionless first and also it makes the permissioned easier\n\nwhat are the pareto ways to increase sexual market value for each gender? for women, looks, niceness. for guys, money, fashion fitness, social competence heirarchy\n\nchoose dont chase. just solve problems (self improve), get famous via visible competence, problem solving, and then theyll be receptive, theyll initiate initiation\n\nShould you feel bad about past failures, years lost to things that dont matter? Or by dwelling, do you miss the opportunity right now in the here and now, to live?\n\ncare about peoples approval and you will be their prisoner. care about your own approval, and you will be free from the shackles of expectation. thread / quote post\n\nim gonna be so handsome lol, when jacked, short cut hair (get clippers for my bday, document the commitment kept..). look at alex grace boxes again and just do em..\n\njust keep giving and giving, and people will wanna give to you. give to givers.. as long as you think its authentic and quality, what more will you ask of yourself?\n\nyou may make creative mistakes, be aware of them and correct them, but the mistake is not making any mistakes. the mistake im most sure of is doing nothing, stasis.\n\nzero effort for women. what if i go and rizz up men more. admirabal men. dont go for women? unless theyre cool and open. female friends, IF they initiate initiation.\n\n“the bad is next to the good.” if you can clearly articulate what made xyz bad, you are halfway there to the solution. dont bullshit yourself, problems are solvable!\n\nmaybe i shouldnt make goals, commitments, but should just "move in that direction, the direction of genuine interest" and see where that goes.. goals make pass/fails\n\nive made so many mistakes lol. dont try to make mistakes but be willing to. if youre not failing occasionally, youre not on your frontier, where maximal growth occurs\n\nsometimes spreading yourself out with ADHD-like novelty builds motivation and connecting across domains, if it is true between A and B, its a deeper truth than either\n\nHow do you be great? Should you even want to? Is that just me and some people? Is it about “living up to your potential?” i mean time manifests that potential i guess\n\nim becoming a better 2 way guard player in life. defense first: defend against fame, against burn and debt, etc. protecting the ball in soccer etc. pain is 2x pleasure\n\nremember that results validate. win off twitter, show on twitter, win on twitter, then theyll listen to my philosophy. following is in proportion to visible competence\n\ndont deny who you are. the first step to do that is knowing who u are and few do. the zeroth step to that is “does this question even matter?” and the answer is no lol\n\nremember that you cannot predict the growth of knowledge, we dont know how creativity works yet. you may come up with the solution. the 0th principle is never giving up\n\nunfollow the big accounts on IG that i dont genuinely like following, but why do i cling so much to the people that i know irl? curate feed. cut away the brain rotng is\n\neveryone wants attention, actually idk about that. but someone has to give it. so attention is a currency. stop paying attention to lesser, to give space to the greater\n\n- focus on what's good right here right now. next steps next steps. simplify! - what would this look like if it were easy? - what would this look like if it were small?\n\n- focus on what's good right here right now. next steps next steps. simplify! - what would this look like if it were easy? - what would this look like if it were small?\n\nbe discerning. ask about people and their lives and problemss. help solve problems. listen and learn. self obsession and me is a disease and the root of all unhappiness.\n\nI gotta focus on winning. If i cant win, why am i helping others win? I mean its both, but when to do which? Idk.. i like helping people where i can, but i want to win..\n\nunfollow people on ig and x. get SUPER small. if i unfollow more people, its less personal. go to zero to go back to 1. be born anew on Jun 11, 2025 at 8:00 AM - 8:30 AM\n\nns says "learn burn earn furn" but what if we applied furn to all of learn burn and earn? its not a false dichotomy, why would you wanna live a life in despair and shit?\n\nwrite about dopamine first budget economy. is constant music a good dopamine expenditure andor should music be more rare in our lives in a good way? so we cherish it more\n\nare you doing it for the shallow attention or because you actually want to? but what about visible competence for fame? id want the work to speak for itself, earning it..\n\nstudying so called "antirational memes" or basically parasitic ideas that disable creativity, which is the engine of progress in life and problem-solving and flow-states!\n\nproblems and morality give you reason to move. explanations show you the map of the landscape around you. status is a measure of how fitted you are to the meta environment\n\ni was taking failure personally, now im taking it as learning opportunities. my mind was not the territory, and the failure tells me how to update my understanding of life\n\ni was taking failure personally, now im taking it as learning opportunities. my mind was not the territory, and the failure tells me how to update my understanding of life\n\nself obsession is the root of all unhappiness? what do i want to exist even if i dont? and how much am i affecting that? this seems to point me to my creative trilogy quest\n\nwhen you follow someone on social media, you turn on the faucet, for them to pour into your mind. i need to turn on my own creative faucet though, lest i remain miserable..\n\nperfectionism and the quantity and quality of merit. think of your favorite artist, they have bad songs. think of your favorite entrepreneur, they have shitty projects too!\n\ntalk about being an open person. show the big 5. i only need to be right hugely once in a while. as long as you dont go to zero youre good. the reward will come in due time\n\nagreeable people try to find common ground(moral commandments in common) to play infinite games across vectors. disagreeable people just stick to their vector. both are good\n\nperfectionism is high standards which is good its high curation but you need high generation and elevation to WIELD such “perfectionism”. generate ideas and generate results\n\nthe opposite of depression (reciprocal closing) is flow (reciprocal opening) an increasing of what is joyful in life. its about solving your problems with the right knowledge\n\nim learning how to interact with non-tech non-ambitious people. getting better at it. normies? is being normal wrong? well do you have capability to be not-normal? divergent?\n\npain is plasticity, its when life keeps saying "change line change line change line" life is improv, but you cant seem to come up with a right answer, until life accepts it..\n\ni dont like bad interlocutors, people that dont consider the other side and only ridicule, they never really take other sides seriously even for a second. am i guilty of this?\n\nYeah i felt like i was “slapped / kicked in the butt” by reality. Like a buddha who said you arent ready, but with a slight smile. Not out of bad or good, just neutral truth..\n\nmessi has missed so many shots, still the goat. the beatles have shit songs, still the best. lesson learned: people remember your best thing. embrace the power law, create art\n\nwhat is ENOUGH wealth? ENOUGH fame? after winning a game. STOP playing. so ill play the wealth game, the visibility game (*fame), then what? follow maslows? do NOT overallocate\n\nif you actually understand, and you are actually acting on your problem, the virtue for the moment is grit / resilience. its all logical, its optimism in principle, not delusion\n\nwe are as songs, we listen to other people, other songs. we cant force ourselves to like certain songs. be honest. dont be cruel, be healthily skeptical, constructively critical\n\npain just means youre making errors on your problem vector, which means you need to understand your problem-system more, which means you need humiliy (fallabilism) and curiosity.\n\nas you change, what your taste is and what you love will change. pareto spike applies. go deep on what you love deeply. what do i love? = what do i want to exist even without me?\n\nwhat will be my life's work? make my life better, then make people i like's life better. win and help win. play the infinite game. be true, be good, be beautiful. strong and good\n\nif distractions are deeply truly fun, its not a distraction. if its shallow, and you know you should be focusing toward the deep and true responsibility, then thats a distraction\n\nthe greatest power is the ability to walk away. choose dont chase. thread with socrates post: look at all the things i do not need. not needing something is as good as having it.\n\nif everyone here is smart, then you can have an edge with energy and ethics? i think im good on ethics, so i need to be diligent in work ethic for the craft, for the artistry lol\n\nsince everyone is smart here, how do you differentiate yourself? your life experience, your genuine curiosity, your work ethic, your integrity, your way of life, your taste/style\n\nyour inner scorecard is hard enough, why consider 8billion others external scorecards for you? haha maybe only people you admire, because they are welcome in your inner council..\n\nlive so YOU like YOU. you cant control or know what others think, but you do know what you like and what you think and the body and mind you control most is your own (stoic-laden)\n\nyou can prioritize being low stress first. maybe working hard is lazy in a way, because if theres lack of clarity, youre compensating with "hard work" which is socially acceptable\n\nhow do you know if youre full of shit or not? do you do the thing? or not? just solve problems: debt and lovelessness. leverage and fame. both media and code and labor and capital\n\nim only asking you to live a good day. to be great, be good repeatedly. i ask you this today. tomorrow ill ask you the same, but dont think about tomorrow, its only here and now..\n\nposition yourself in this world where you do best, but also be open to challenging yourself by putting yourself in situations, and doing things, that are outside of your self image\n\nwrite about taste: use the material you know is good to drive future taste decisions. taste begets taste. your heroes will show you new heroes etc. word of mouth social proof stuff\n\ndo i like this or not? well people that have great potential within them, weigh more on this. i dont like people that dont open themselves up to self-actualization. the attitude...\n\nget vinyl and xbox from seb and tell em honestly what i think: i dont like how hes recently been super negative its kind of a turnoff. at the funeral you were cool just being honest\n\nmaybe i need more energy. sleep and coffee and discipline come to mind and stoic agency. im pretty intelligent but obviously havent solved my top problems yet so i need humility too\n\npain for pain's sake, fame for fame's sake, money for money's sake. all traps.. what is it for? the why behind these byproducts matters more.. what problem are you trying to solve..\n\npain and suffering is not a virtue. ive tried the goggins way, its self-coercion. i mean what about the huberman doing what you dont want to do? maybe its a good UGH, like lulie said\n\ni need to change to be the person i want to be, internally, part of me wants to be in known problems, and not into the unknown. but if i dont go into the unknown, i will not be a hero\n\npeople are in other seasons of life, and i was expecting myself to grow up faster than my time maybe. if a 16 year old was trying to act 60, that would be kind of sad, not admirable..\n\ni can also talk about behaving in a high trust way in a high trust society. but im just getting to know the peoplpe here. i just met people, so time tells who is high integrity or not\n\ni feel like a lot of depression is misattribution. you think 1 thing caused the pain, but ive been wrong a lot and beat myself up and i just descartes style tore apart ideas and people\n\nrefollow jett, maybe im testing people and seeing who would come back or whos a matcher vs giver. i need to be a giver. give and give. help solve problems and shit. just solve problems\n\njust treat girls like a dime a dozen, like they are. they may look special, but know in your heart they arent, rise above? do not look around to others, look up, by looking down first.\n\nsolve debt and lovelessness. female friends maxx. visible competence. fame on ig via reels. what do women want? lol the age old question. an and gate. good start is fitness and fashion\n\nwhat should you get good at? life. but what is life? problems and art? use your salience to guide you. assess your top problems, assess the goal-win-state, make the in-between a game..\n\nright loves stability, left loves deconstruction. if you can combine both, you go up. crystallize what works (value-laden), deconstruct what doesnt and save the baby from the bath water\n\nfollowing your genuine curiosity leads to autonomy flow, growth, necessary ingredients of life success. low supply high demand positions, from taste. components; fast, prolific, tasteful\n\nstart flirting w girls again, these baristas, im not a creep so just do it. do you have an instagram? the elevenses girl, the slowalk girl? nah dont ruin it, let them initiate initiation\n\nwhat are peoples priorities? how can you give people more of what they need and want? what are your priorities, and are they aligned with the others? esp the people that you prioritize..\n\nno i got conviction because the idea clicks in my head. so ill take thought and turn to action, and if im ACTUALLY wrong, thats good because ill learn from reality, and not be in delusion\n\nif i gave it my all and actually tried my best, thats my best, its a measurement, a test, if i can actually be of service to society and actually solve my problems. fuck limiting beliefs.\n\nin life recently, ive been having a pattern of seeing things as panaceas, and now i see things less naively, clearly. i feel wiser the more life experience i can reflect on and learn from\n\nit will take time for substance to take place. life orchestration. let go of past mental maps if it does not work, create new maps as needed. practical solutions, not critique. what you are\n\nselfish altruism. helping someone because YOU want to. yes and. win and help win. put on your mask and help put on masks. solve problems and help solve problems. founder product market fit.\n\nI cant die without doing something great. Why? Because doing something “great” being “successful” is to counterbalance self-doubt? Insecurity? The way to solve insecurity is to get secure..\n\nits natural to care about people opinons, but dont be indescriminate. take into account YOUR opinion, and the opinions of people that you admire. + those you admire are high on your vectors.\n\nnever forget the deutschian frame. to get to the goal state, thats where meaning and amor fati and discipline and AMCC come into play. learn upskill build network sell. in parallel, everyday\n\nkeep your yes and no modes far apart. keep oscillating but after much in between substance. get out of your comfort zone and change if change if needed. if problems are solved, stay the same\n\nimagine if you were the most worthy person, and they rejected. how would you feel? there loss in the long run. say no to those who say no. say yes to those who say yes. gradual polarization?\n\neverything in life is figureoutable. optimism is true. dont deny life's pain and hideous parts, but learn to accept, forgive, and move forward regardless of what problems life throws at you.\n\nread for understanding, not for reading's sake. listen to an album not to finish it, but to find gems from trusted names or people's recommendations (trusted names again, just not the artist)\n\ndepression and feeling better is like possibilities vs lessened of possibilities. but yeah focus on stoic action. its like life gives you a budget, and you decide on how to spend your budget.\n\nyou cant force people to like you, things like that emerge naturally. you cant force yourself to like or not like a song, for example, it just happens, its not exactly in your choice, power..\n\naim for a clear head, clear thinking, clear feeling. exercise to get cobwebs out of mind, and go into body for a while. untangle before you pull. things can be clear, pareto, effective as fuck\n\npoker trains you to make good decisions, no matter the outcome, out of principle. and out of principle, you should quit playing poker after learning the lessons it teaches lol, terrible habit.\n\n"other than death, all failure is psychological" its like a stock market, until it goes to zero, unless you give up, then you haven't actually failed." lost a battle, but havent lost the war..\n\nhow do you approach all the people you meet here? some locals some tourists. some pass through, some for long term. you treat people differently based on how you expect them to be in your life\n\nsuccess-success situations are the only situations that are sustainable. i dont want to use "win" because it implies a zerosum mindset, which isnt accurate to reality. think pve instead of pvp\n\ni realize that the fact i wont go for lesser girls is that i dont accept lesser me. i have standards for myself and thats the exact same thing as the standards i have for the young woman i want.\n\nto get "unfamous" do the opposite of what got you there: delete pics, videos, tweets, ig, etc. whats out there is out there, let the half life of fame and permanency of the internet do its thing\n\nif you can walk away, you have the most power. be sure you have options. options makes each individual choice easier. create curate elevate. choose dont chase on Feb 7, 2025 at 8:30 AM - 9:00 AM\n\nif you build wealth and are a good person powerful and good but you lack appearance and reputation, its like you have backend no frontend: muscles style visible competence reputation precedes you\n\nif you help people with ethical merit wealth creation with knowledge and help, you can buy more good shit and the karma comes back around in positive ways you cant imagine like a butterfly effect\n\nif its not fun and flowy, then dont do it!. if its not fun, its not it. if its not a problem, its not it. its like an AND gate.. i dont want to waste mamas money i guess while being on her dime..\n\nlife can feel so hard when youre caught in a mind tangle. options seem few. its an illusion, i see clearer now. i learned, i changed for the better. i judge by objective and subjective conditions\n\nlife can feel so hard when youre caught in a mind tangle. options seem few. its an illusion, i see clearer now. i learned, i changed for the better. i judge by objective and subjective conditions\n\nreject authority, in writing, startups, songs, just because david foster wallace, patrick collisson, or paul mccartney wrote this doesnt mean that its good, or that i cant make something as good!\n\njust post and post, if its good, people will like it. i dont want followers i want peer relationships. so parse twitter following and followers to people ive dmed or something, or were spiritually\n\n“were just different not better or worse as life forms lol.” is it relative to the minima you operate in? life wuality? like how 7 foot people are literally just different and better at basketball\n\nyou wanna be high signal online, so quality over quantity. but gotta do a lot of private quantity to the. create curate the quality. uhh so yeah apps essays and songs, make em good. forgive people\n\nstyle and muscles do a lot for initial attraction for girls, but preselection, fame, visible competence, etc. do the heavy lifting. live so you like you. true charisma and competence and confidence\n\nmen fish, women hunt. so me as a guy, i can work on improving my bait, my product, my lifestyle, then just showing it in the right places, just like any product. market in a target rich environment.\n\neveryone is given a name, few make a name. i guess you can judge someone based on their decision making, their judgmenet. will is also a choice. happiness is a choice? that ones a bit more confusing\n\nholding grudges to others for their wrongdoings is like the world being in debt to itself. forgive the debt, wipe the slate clean, move forward as best you can. by dwelling, you miss the opportunity.\n\nhappiness is peace in motion. peace is like all games are in good order, just like a civilization in peace mode, all things are in harmony and order, a walled garden of civ, so too with a single life.\n\nis it actually stupid? beat it with a hammer, smith it. if you cant break it, youre responsible for making it, and there are so many unknowns, so test, experiment, to feel the actual shape of reality.\n\nwhat is the platonic ideal of you and your life? "who are you?!?!?! and what do you want?" what would your best self do in this situation? what is your best guess? go with that.. you are what you do..\n\ntoxicity is incompleteness, solved with unifying nuance. goggins is all depth, visa is all breadth, bezos and deutsch solve it: begin with the problem, understand it, act on it = happiness/meaning/flow\n\nif there is doubt, there is no doubt. i want a fire in my soul again. it's easier to be a pessimist, but definite optimism is the real, worthwhile way out. do not destroy the means of error correction.\n\nmutual liking please. gosh i can be quite indicisive. i want the best, but what happens when i cant get the best, and im starving? take what i can get, but keep growing? work at the limits of my ability\n\ni feel like a kid: why? im short (5'5.5) im living with my mom, im sometimes needy, i havent succeeded with money, i have little real good friends (arguably 1). i need to improve. money muscles calmness\n\nyou dont have to say yes, its your loss in the long run so.. this is non-neediness. but also it feels good to be in love, have some crushes, but try to be intentional with love? nah just based on feels..\n\ni learned infinite ignorance, you will fail sometimes, noone is omniscient. hold failures more lightly, its information. when in doubt, just guess your best and reflect later. as long as you dont die lol\n\nfailures tell you exactly where your understanding of life / reality / the world, is faulty. this is half good news. experiments are questions that cost.. never risk ruin, but take all the risk you can..\n\ntboi makes me FEEL optimistic, but not a feeling but an actual PRINCIPLE. like everyone SHOULD feel optimistic because xyz principles, which we havent broken. its like pervasive infinite definite optimism\n\nyou can be proactive in life, AND you can also be like a water bender and things that come to you in life you can waterbend and use the momentum of them to your advantage. you can be on defence gracefully\n\nsome people treat people differently, depending on how useful they are to them. kinda sociopathic. i feel that in myself too, i get tempted into that way of thinking, but i think thats a wrong way to live\n\nto be a man, have a spine have some balls. good heuristic to ask myself. thats all it takes. stand for yourself and what you believe in, have the courage to act on what you think is right and just and good\n\n"robustness is when you care about the few that love your work" "fragility is when you care more about the few who hate your work than the majority that love it" + care about peoples approval, its normal..\n\nambition is expctation and is not a good or bad trait, but paired with intelligence (the capacity to progress along a vector) and integrity (not taking shortcuts in the infinite game) you get a deadly combo\n\nhow to guard against mimesis, examine your motivations. do not look around to others only up to God. well it begs the question what is God? well i think the vague point is more important than an explanation\n\nhard work is input. means and ends both matter, but just solve problems means starting at the awareness of the problem, then solving it by understanding how to get to the goal state. be open to new routes..\n\ni stopped writing blog posts because the people werent there. i stopped posting on my account because the people werent there. replies are where the people are. + market in a target rich environmentfuck that\n\njust solve problems: understand and act. it is impossible to not make mistakes. every failure is a lack of understanding or action. never let cowardice be a bottleneck. on Feb 9, 2025 at 11:30 AM - 12:00 noon\n\none of the constants is change lol. there are timeless things. learn those first. naval is so fuckin right. hes go great stats. like my life starting 5 exemplars show where i wanna go, what i desire and admire\n\nself unfollow the big accounts on IG that i dont genuinely like following, but why do i cling so much to the people that i know irl? curate feed. cut away the brain rotobsession is the root of all unhappiness.\n\nmen build out the tech tree, the walls, that women choose to garden within, where they feel safe, because they are more fragile, and the babies within them are more so.. so i gotta be strong and all that lol..\n\nmotivation is about getting unconflicted. remembering what you want. be open to changing axioms given new information. mistakes will be made. you are not omniscient. you have your own destiny to shape and live\n\nbeing the best does indeed have rewards, but also drawbacks. be authentic then? what if being authentic is not enough? what if someone is better than you on all fronts? what then? what do you do with your life?\n\nchoose so YOU like YOU. you cant control other people, but you decide in life and you can make choices that make YOU like YOU. you are the critic AND the artist simultaneously, the agent and the conscience. etc\n\nyeah i guess if im a "product" that makes "products" i wanna be deserving of the attention that i ask for, both of an audience member, and of a potential customer. i want the response to be like "TAKE MY MONEY"\n\ni realize how lucky i was born. and people are born into way worse circumstances and have really self made thenselves in such an admirable way. they have no time for bullshit. wow its just a marvel to experience\n\npartially because i cared about what you thought, and that i think can be good too, but at the same time, you are not my authority, and i am not my authority, it can be good writing with surviving ideas or not..\n\nintentional mimesis. upfront incentives. as long as youre deliberate. like i want this, because this, because this. be honest. then surround yourself with people who also want that pie, then grow the pie together\n\nso many mistakes have been made, but thats okay. forgive yourself and others, go with your best guesses and go forward, humble up, and try to live as well as you can. maturity is in how you handle life situations\n\ni couldnt trust myself, let alone others. now i trust myself more, i think this is a healthier relationship w myself. i know life is “figure out-able” i just need to keep learning and acting and survive to thrive\n\ni couldnt trust myself, let alone others. now i trust myself more, i think this is a healthier relationship w myself. i know life is “figure out-able” i just need to keep learning and acting and survive to thrive\n\ni always thought “not me, id never fall for that bias or trap” and then im in the trap and i didnt even realize how i got pulled into bullshit. this was humbling. we learn.. we learn.. at least im in good faith..\n\nmotivationally, if i dont agree with doing something, i just find it super hard to do, but if my whole self can agree and align with a certain task, im all for it, the chakras align lol and i go into avatar state.\n\nyouve fucked up you e been embarassed felt guilty and ashamed and lonely and less then like naruto. but we move on we begin w the problem we seek to understand it and we act. stress is untaken action. you got this\n\nive accepted that mistakes will be made, they are inevitable because we are creatures w imperfect knowledge. im not trying too, im guessing and testing, trying my best in a way, living just like you, in good faith\n\nive accepted that mistakes will be made, they are inevitable because we are creatures w imperfect knowledge. im not trying too, im guessing and testing, trying my best in a way, living just like you, in good faith\n\ni need potential mates on my periphery, JUST like girls always do. women are constants, men are variables. so grow massively to position myself better in the sexual marketplace on Feb 9, 2025 at 10:30 AM - 11:00 AM\n\nwhat if i fill up my life with good things, then the bad naturally must be cut away because the opp cost becomes too relevant to ignore? you can add before subtracting, you can subtract before adding. feel to know?\n\nthis has really been a rite of passage for me. a ton of people are older and have gone through more life than i, but i got humbled in a good way, i feel wiser, more sure of myself, calmer, more playful. iroh shit..\n\nbeing courages, but im fuckin overwhelmed in some ways. relationships are complicated as fuck. are they? well my brain be plastic for sure... but i need this no? a change yes, but THIS change? that im not so sure of\n\nif they dont riff then dont riff back, only some people are the pareto spike, its just the feature of the universe. some will like a lot, but not everyone. dont give up, keep searching, keep exploiting whats working\n\nimperfections guide improvement. use your salience to be aware of errors/imperfections, then just invert them! this is the problem solving engine. try to understand WHY something is imperfect/flawed, then rectify it\n\n- sun - gratitude serenity memento mori amor fati - vitamins + Brazil nuts - 3 coffees + salt + powders (creatine) + protein powder - 3 morning pages minimum in cafe and work. showing up is the first step. in life..\n\njust solve problems. sleep is the #1 #1 priority. today is the beginning of infinity. break it down into sub components. focus on what you want to see more of. high authenticity, high quality, is all you can ask for.\n\nWrite about how being wrong obviously hurts, but is ultimately good. Its reality, it can be the catalyst for learning more truth. Create curate create curate. Depends on the aperture of your garden, your bet sizing..\n\ni dont trust supposed love. why? it seems hollow or fake. so love doesnt exist? no. a mothers love for her child is real. so am i loved? even if i was loved, and helped, i wouldnt want it. so thats a conflict/tension\n\nas long as i progress on the important life dimensions i prioritize, i can take a lot more bullshit life throws me. but if im stagnating, i feel like shit and the bullshit hurts way way more. get the fundamentals right\n\nsolving the problem has arrival fallacy baked in kinda. cause your mind doesnt need to focus on whats going well, it only needs to solve whats going wrong. understanding wealth and life/sex/kids are the infinite games?\n\ndisallowing failure inadvertently disallows success. you can always be wrong! you also have the capacity to be correct! mostly focus on explaining inner conflicts and misconceptions, and next best actions become clear..\n\nso i need to prove my genes deserve to go onto the next generation. 4 rejections oof. but ive also gotten girls wanting me but theyre not the tier i want. its a reflection of how i wanna lvl up and actualize my potential\n\npain is not the goal. what if you found the path of least resistance, the path of most fun and creativity? and still got to the same place: wealthy, magnetic, antifragile (stress tested + error correcting), and masculine\n\ngenius > talent. like mf doom optimizes for rhymes and vibe over speed of rap. or verratti on decision making composure shielding/protecting/dribbling and passing / dribbling for the sake of dribbling, its necessity first\n\ndeath is a 1 way door, we dont know what we dont know, so lets solve our problems... begin with the problem, understand it, act on it. stress is untaken action. its our body giving us the signal to go: fight flight freeze\n\njust keep playing as best you can. dont get hung up on so called failures, thats like criticizing messi because he missed a shot, hes still fuckin messi lol. are you in life’s arena at all? look in the mirror first teehee\n\nerror correction is the engine of progress. perfectionism is stasis, and stasis is death. do you wanna die? thought so.. experiment with your best knowledge, correct inevitable errors. on Jun 11, 2025 at 6:00 AM - 6:30 AM\n\nwhat if i love myself no matter how many mistakes i make? unconditional love of myself and life! as long as im brainstorming guesses and criticizing the lesser ones away, and experimenting at the highest level that i can?\n\ntboi gave me a courage boost because now i just put out conjectures and welcome criticism, we are all learning together. sharing notes, constructive criticism etc. just be a good interlocutor, steelman, empathize and shit.\n\ni dont have to stress as much. i can trust that ill figure it out along the way. guessing and testing. life is a magical odyssey to be experienced. i feel whole again, more at ease idk. more sure of myself, more optimistic\n\ni dont have to stress as much. i can trust that ill figure it out along the way. guessing and testing. life is a magical odyssey to be experienced. i feel whole again, more at ease idk. more sure of myself, more optimistic\n\nalso "reject authority" means that everyone is equally capable of being creative, its like how george harrison became, at the end, produced just as good songs as lennon-mccartney. noone is more or less "special" than you..\n\nroutine. it will take time for substance to take place. life orchestration. let go of past mental maps if it does not work, create new maps as needed. practical solutions, not critique. what you are seeking, is seeking you.\n\nthings will always be imperfect. you must accept this. but see it as a flow-y opportunity to forever improve. what else are you going to do in this life? isnt that what you want? this is dukkha. you dont wanna die, so live!\n\nflourishing radiant good energy people got the right knowledge or attitude. good vibes permeate from an individual to those around them. and that says something cause bad things take 2x weighting in the mind vs good things 1x\n\nthis is a test. its exactly that i dont want to do it, AND that its necessary, is why i must do this. its the venn diagram i seek. calculated and hard. hard is the moat? we dont seek hard things, but smart first, hard second.\n\ni learned that it wasnt the staying at home that was driving me crazy, it was the lack of progress toward a valued goal cause i sorta lacked the explanatory scaffolding to give me guidance confidence conviction along this path\n\npoint courage, will, extremeness, in the right direction. if not in the right direction, it can do much harm. yes practice the virtues, a meta virtue, i would argue, is the judgement of where to point them, and to what degree.\n\ni was feeling bad because i tried a lot of projects over the past 3 months, and they’re all pending or failed. but what’s worse is never having tried. don’t fetishize failure, but since it happens, at least recycle the lessons.\n\ngirls want the best guys to give them attention and resources. the best guys accrue charisma and resources and all sorts of capital and social capital, and then show it. be strong and good, and then get sex and kids as a result.\n\ncapability and interest are 2 diff things. people are largely capable of similar things, layered on top of that is genuine interest, which differs from person to person. if youre interested in it, youlll play at it and git gud..\n\nas long as you release creative works that are asymmetric bets ( at least 2x better than the 1x negativity) youll be fine. kanye and jordan peterson and elon and trump are more socially risky with the things they create and share\n\ncreate an ideasbugs thing on every bottom right corner of every product txitter is an opt-in global group chat i help those who help themselves timeless, standalone, dont be afraid, dont stay in a lane i want a glowing young woman\n\nI dont want to open my heart again, ive been hurt what 6 times now? I gotta learn from orion taraban what to do. I feel so lost, but im sick and tired of being sick and tired, then go home and do shrooms, but secure the bag first?\n\ni like to hermit up in my room sometimes because the more solitude, the more authentic i am i find. people are cool and all sometimes but sometimes i just wanna debug. i dont feel lonely per se, i mean i do like SOME people, but..\n\nthe bad is next to the good. there is always another way, because problems are soluble: 1 been rejected: choose dont chase. dont give hard binaries 2 solution society people didnt show up: go to where people already are (blog vs X)\n\nthere are some people in physical feed digital feed neither. mental feed. just because i dont follow you doesnt mean i dont like you lol. that would mean that people who dont follow anyone doesnt like anyone but thats just not true\n\nkinda worried that my mushroom experience makes me, like alcohol, not fear what i should, being too open. well i dont think super rigid conscientiousness isnt the way either. something has to change. explore mode rn not exploit mode\n\nwrite about "fame" i was so afraid of being online and tf scared me. but i thought about it more and its an intentional choice now to leverage the internet. 1 people irl know your face and reputation and name. its already happening.\n\ncomposure comes from practice and competence (from wins) from experiments and following taste. generate (reps) curate (learn from experiments to find your best shape (agent arena fittedness) and elevate, double down on whats working\n\ncorrect known flaws. you are not flaws, you just dont yet know how to correct them. keep learning, keep being critical of ideas, keep guessing, criticizing them / curating them, and testing based on your best understanding of life..\n\njust as you forget a thought and if its important and relevant it will return to you, so will the people you unfollow on socials return to you if theyre that good. ignore so much you only get the good, be so good they cant ignore you\n\nthe cool thing about relationships is that they're changeable, redeembale, i learned this in kpop and its the best thing. you might not like a member as much, and when they totally grow on you, thats the highest delta of liking them.\n\nnot everyone will care about you. some will. but not all. its a power law? how do you get people to care for you more? but i dont like being helped, it makes me think that someone who needs help, is someone who is weak and needs it..\n\nyes ns is incomplete in a lot of ways, but so are you, nothing is finished, its all a work in progress. not as an excuse for inaction, but as a realization of all things, everything is infinitely improvable. it may be wrong, but.. **\n\nevery opportunity is for hurt or trust building. a time at bat, but if you have a new way sourced, slope speaks for itself youre on fire, a streak. ill have composure from ball protection. no top of mind improvements rn. cdm, protect.\n\ni care about how people are doing is that a mistake? idk im a pretty sensitive guy, i care and empathize easily. maybe i should do music tech and more podcasts, like a crypto tech rick rubin that sounds nice. music philosophy technology\n\nits a hard place to make sense of. its a big mission, its a lot of new people you dont know. you cant afford to see everyone in high resolution, it takes too much out of you. its not personal, i just dont have the time in life to do so..\n\nyeah just invert the error. if youre so selfcritical, thats just one half. INVERT! then youll be selfimproving. dont despair, repair! imperfect = improvable. invert! errors show you where to improve next. limited long term by explanations\n\n"if it ain't broke, don't fix it" but even though a strategy works in a static problem set, if you're not capable of dealing with new problems, you're eventually doomed. stasis is fragile and suicidal, both with individuals and societies.\n\njust because a girl is pretty doesnt mean that they deserve your attention and resources. be selective. if a man is too willy nilly with their attention and resources, it signals that he doesnt have much. life can be like poker in that way\n\nthe perfectionist is insidious. i was going too much on the curation step, but life doesnt stop with minimalism. minimalism is just 1 part of the creative process. keep creating, keep curating, keep elevating. now im on the elevation part.\n\ni just realized that the love you give others, they can take that love, multiply it, and give it to the people THEY love. just because youre selective with whom to give love, doesnt mean that the love that you do give wont reach everyone..\n\nmaybe im just a cultural chrostian but as long as youre actually sorry for a wrongdoing and make attempts to amend, and with time, all is forgiven. we cant hold things for too long. by dwelling you miss the opportunity right here right now\n\nagain, i don't really wanna take this documenting project too seriously and have it eat up too much time, but at the same time, if a post is going to ask of your attention, the reader, i want to make sure it's at least a fair bit worthwhile.\n\nwhat i dont get is when you dont agree with another point of view, why shit on it? i mean if its a casual laugh ok, but if you want to be a good interlocutor and be more appealing to help teach and be a better platocaveman, attract with honey\n\nwrite about watching what you let into your salience. its like choosing not to watch the news or watch a horror movie not because you know its not relevant to your life and problems, but mainly because itll affect your salience your perception\n\nmaybe the test of a project's fittedness to you is if you keep working on it. commitment and love for it is shown in action, in durability, in consistency, in commitment. losing battles left and right but winning the 1 war that actually matters.\n\ni started to understand my problems and the underlying principles. now i have a path to my desired goal state, and i dont take failures personally now, i know why they didnt work. now im like. ok its just basic economics. it didnt work because xyz\n\nwhat do people say about me? blind spot detection: ben says im overthinking what im optimizing for? just move? well yeah im “just moving” no? idk. seek criticism from friends. athon says im underestimating myself. maybe i need to "project my voice"\n\ni love finding other human beings that arent playing games. mind games are so fuckin exhausting, i mean its almost a necessary evil, but whatever. you need to be mentally sharp to guard against the assholes, parasites, both within you and without..\n\nI could've posted all this on twitter but i don't like the idea of forcing my text on someone's feed if they don't ask for it, so I'll keep writing here on my blog and let it brew here, then point the good ones to people on twitter and other sources\n\nthe way to get rid of insecurity is actually getting secure. insecurity and imposter syndrome are cognitive dissoances. an undeniable track record andor not caring what other people think does the trick. + care about others/be free from shackles post\n\nmore time in the gymnasium than the academy. do what you dont want to. if there is doubt, there is no doubt. i am a pro sleeper. if it's not in your calendar, it's not real. fear set. love and kindness meditation. faster, more prolific, more tasteful.\n\nns is full of people looking to self improve, to live and find better lives. i think thats admirable. positive osmosis / mimesis.. sovereign collective. not all people in thid world, in this life, seek improvement, something more, something meaningful\n\nns is full of people looking to self improve, to live and find better lives. i think thats admirable. positive osmosis / mimesis.. sovereign collective. not all people in thid world, in this life, seek improvement, something more, something meaningful\n\nan event around: do you need to sometimes be an asshole to be a successful founder? musk and jobs. musk has turned around a ship before so it can happen again with usa.. internal focus, then back external focus in like 5 years or something maybe 2 or 3\n\ni realized i was approaching things incorrectly. it hurts to be wrong, but whats worse than that is not integrating your past experiences into an upgraded understanding of life, of reality. pride hurts you here. everyone will be wrong some of the time.\n\nget wealthy, find a nice girl, have enough to build a family with 3 kids, then youve done your part with fertility crisis lol. or do more. this is a transitory period. we are going into the new age. what do we call it? nietzsche and jung predicted this?\n\nive trained myself to be good in parasympathetic and sympathetic, explore and exploit. im not fuckin perfect, but im learning and bettering myself. dont be so self obsessed. do things for stuff beyond you, thats the future as a religion. the future itself\n\nspend few hours, this is the stuff lifes made of. spend little time on things not worth while, spend only on whats critical, problem solving and such. but solve debt, dont solve lovelessness right now. pick one top problem at a time to give full effort to.\n\na store / capitalism is optional, you dont HAVE to buy anything, but as a creator, ethically, psychologically, if it doesnt come from an angle of service and help, id feel sleazy / salesly / icky about selling just for making money. missionary mercenary shit..\n\nlets say the worst case: everyone at ns hates me i get kicked out maanasa hates me. then what? so what? what am i afraid about? i just want people to like me. why? because im not liked? thats not true.. worst case i just go back home. ive been freaking out. why?\n\ncolloqualy, wed just call these kinds of thoughts "limiting beliefs" which they kind of are. beliefs are static and fixed, ideas should all be tentative, subject to change if a better idea or chain of ideas in an explanation presents itself or is self-generated.\n\nIt's interesting how we treat some fellow humans more like machines (cashiers, receptionists, waiters), and how we treat some fellow humans more like people (family, friends, partners). I'm just talking about the difference in the level of care in the interactions.\n\nIt's interesting how we treat some fellow humans more like machines (cashiers, receptionists, waiters), and how we treat some fellow humans more like people (family, friends, partners). I'm just talking about the difference in the level of care in the interactions.\n\ni never know how to approach social media follows it feels so political sometimes. if you unfollow someone that doesnt mean you hate them. for me its either i dont know them that well, feel neutral about them or something, and i love digital minimalism, a clean feed\n\ni like using my negative bias in my favor: "the biggest MISTAKE (negative frame) i can make is beating myself up". by framing my own personal mantra in an anti-negative way, it uses the normally destructive perfectionism tendency against itself, or in a productive way.\n\nwhat is my philosophy of social media? who i follow unfollow, who i mute, i wish i could partially unfollow someone. i like them as a person but i want a minimal feed and they dont post! or i dont like what you post but i like you irl. ugh it can be messy but whatever..\n\npain is plasticity is an opportunity to change your understanding of the world, your action too, and therefore your results. get to the goal state asap, burnout is because its not working, you need to get it to work at least a little bit, and the momentum will carry you.\n\nembrace imperfection, if perfectionism (high standards for quality) is getting in the way of quantity. isnt the goal to maximize the net? the quantity and quality of art/creations, gitting gud at the right games, and also mastering the subgames of the ultimate game, life\n\nWrite about how some people in life you treat personally like a human being, and others you treat like an object, never to be seen again, only using them for what they can do for you. Idk what to think about this. This reminds me of athon’s memes vs incentives concept. idk..\n\nhe who has not sinned should throw the first stone. havent you been wrong? forgive people if theyre trying, show them a better way. being wrong sucks for results but is great for truth-seeking, that means youre at your knowledge-frontier, at the frontier of your understanding.\n\nevery value bundle/culture is a mosaic of values, take em piecemeal. intelligent people are sensitive and nuanced, we dig. am i sabatoging growth mindset? to get good at anything, do 100 of it, experiment breadth then repeat in depth double down on the timeless things you find\n\nthere is no panacea, no free lunch, no one way of being that will solve all your problems. its frustrating but also ** its so cliche but life goes on. change is the only constant. you can try and find harmony between chaos and order. what virtue is needed for the here and now?\n\ni have this belief almost that there is a right way to conduct yourself out there, that i just dont know yet, and im trying to learn how, and then / in parallel, actually live it. learn and live. i want clarity, maybe its not realistic to expect it in one month, but i try i try..\n\nits either coffee or stress that keeps me awake. i go to bed early wear blue blockers do onsen. its friendship wealth stress, and then i can live somewhere else so i can be independent, helps to be w out mama and helps to be independent for smv. and then fame preselection is good too\n\nim just gonna write what i want, ill make it for me like rick rubin said, and also thats how ill be a magnet for people like me, and vice versa, i gravitate to people i admire. its funny how magnets both attract and repel. polarization is the opposite of the lukewarm, be bolder. why?\n\nmaking money is not about luck, make definitely optimistic actions where luck just doesnt become a factor. its about knowns and unknowns, positive and negative outcomes. but eventually you know all about the domain, where luck defined as positive from unknown becomes INCREASINGLY rare\n\nsometimes i dont trust the story i tell in my head when im feeling down, ive been through this so many times that i know its a body thing not a mind thing. i just gotta reenter my body and do something social: jiu jitsu, soccer, gym class, something... rough and tumble play rafe kelley\n\nwhy is feelings non-masculine? im lowkey more sensitive than my sisters, what am i supposed to do? maybe the fact that im asking the question is not masculine. why do i care about being masculine? insecurity, i want a girlfriend, but first I gotta like me. do the things so that I like I\n\nscaffolding makes me confident in principles. i know this will work because component 1 2 3 are solid, so conclusion/goal state 4 will happen, it doesnt break laws of physics, if premise premise are good, boom conclusion will work. learning how to be a mini naval, balaji, thiel, elon, lky\n\nas long as youre explanationed and diligent you dont gotta worry. spread out the stress till its tolerable long term, and play the long game. dont worry youll find your people because youll converge on truth wealth life, and selfselect, swimming through the mud of life to find one another\n\nyeah i failed a bunch, but its evidence of experimentation, evidence of a lack of understanding, so the lesson, humble up and come to terms that you will always have imperfect knowledge, but act on your best guesses anyway, its the best you can do. "by dwelling, you miss the opportunity."\n\nwrite about problems, do 100 thing, and my results. did 100 tweet experiment, now im clearly braver online. i know there are tons of people out there that arent posting out of cowardice perhaps, or just a habit of being shy i guess. so they lurk. i did that before. thread in the fame thing.\n\ndont give girls undeserved attention, they need to earn with virtue just like men do. start building up this habit of attention allocation. stop making the same mistakes. also i might have done something good before but stopped for some reason, but continue what worked in the past of course.\n\ni think maturity is in wisdom, how you handle situations, not your situation. stoic-like i guess.. reminds me of spykids4 where people have online personas that are diff from real life. its interesting. and not to mention pseudonyms and anonyms. share the 1517fund talk w balaji regarding this\n\nnaturally the mind drifts to the past or future, but all that shit is fake. the only 100% true thing is here and now. the rest is a memory or hasnt happened yet. i feel like ive been living 40% of life in past 40% in future, 10% in the here and now. what kind of ratio/ percentages do you want?\n\ni love life. if i wasnt in love, id have killed myself a long time ago. the opposite of love is indifference. love is an existential stance, love can cause sadness madness bliss, love and fear. when you love something youre committed, you dont give up on it, you find yourself coming back to it.\n\ni love life. if i wasnt in love, id have killed myself a long time ago. the opposite of love is indifference. love is an existential stance, love can cause sadness madness bliss, love and fear. when you love something youre committed, you dont give up on it, you find yourself coming back to it.\n\ntheres so much to learn from the young, they dont have the fire snuffed out. they didnt learn that they "werent supposed to do that" they just did it. i love that. that makes me emotional. just do the thing you wanna do. dont let anyone tell you you cant / shouldnt. do what you think is right..\n\ngotta find me a girl like anughya. they met when prastut was 25, level up and ill be a catch to younger girls, esp if theyre in an ns. be patient but obviously do your best, you can have kids and shit.. you can actually do this.. its so weird how in diff contexts diff virtues/merits are valued..\n\nwrite about non coercive productivity and flow? curation is rational meme related, they survive criticism, depression its like that childhood fire analogy study coercion and goggins as short term strategies there is a way to get your cake and eat it too. wrestle w no free lunch theorum whatever.\n\npeople really try to help me and i dont understand why haha. i like help but at the same time i dont want it. i dont to be dependent. but i guess thats a false dichotomy. i like to help people, but why do i not like to receive it? its so stupid. its like idk why people like me; i dont like me haha\n\nshow the messi missing vid too. if you dont forgive yourself for mistakes, youll carry that weight forever. noone is trying to make mistakes but they happen because we dont have perfect complete knowledge, so we hit our heads against reality, but the good news is that it shows the shape of reality.\n\nexcellence is the capacity to take pain: pain is plasticity: pain is when you hit reality, the more plastic/liquid you become, the more accurate your mind melds to reality, then it can harden again later, and youll be better for it, but you gotta grit through it for the transformation to take place.\n\nIm from a more static society, and being here at ns makes me wanna throw up, not because its a bad place, but because things and people and the ethos, the culture, is that of change. I thought i wanted this, but i have to get used to it. What i cant do is quit, but i want to win, but i dont know how.\n\nyou have no idea how much you can improve. its clear how imperfect you are, but thats a guide! to improvement. visakanv said "the bad is next to the good" if you know what's the error, the difference between error and a solved error is creativity, conjecture and criticism, the flux, the flow. idk haha\n\ni felt like i had to prove something, like i was trying to impress people, but thats out of insecurity perhaps. why dont i feel secure? because theyre all wealthier than i am i feel. ok but being poor doesnt make you a worse person thats ridiculous. but feeling bad about being poor is the something **\n\nwe have to solve our problems, IN TIME! we cant rest on our laurels, but this doesnt mean that we need to panic and be anxious on this life journey, its play, its flow, unblocking, reconciling inner conflicts, lest we jump out of the window because the fire spreads from within, like david foster wallace\n\ni dont trust clubbing and alcohol if its not with high signal for sexual opportunity, and even that thats not my vector. i have a set direction for my life. dont let people stop me. artists are bold convinced principled and lead, they dont ask for permission. they go to the permissionless leveraged frontier\n\nbalaji can be wrong, i can be wrong, mama can be wrong, etc. just because i think it or an authority figure says it doesnt mean its right. how do you know if something is true? well you cant know in certainty, but you have better explanations and worse explanations, some are congruent with reality some not.\n\nim practicing but i kinda got rid of my perfectionism mental block. i begin with the problem, i go on the internet and understand it, once i see the light at the end of the tunnel, i can just act (substance not time), and theres no speed limit, so i can go as fast as i want along that vector to my goal state\n\nI always feel pressure as i get older, im gonna be 23 soon. This is a pattern, i always feel like im behind, but maybe im always behind my “potential”. If i played life perfectly, of course id be further ahead. If messi made all his shots, of course hed be better, but thats not real. Thats not what happened..\n\nThe dynamic is different when youre following a big account, they dont care, they dont pay attention. Its different when its more of a peer relationship, its a status game, its saying that my attention is better spent elsewhere, not here. That hurts, but also realize that you do it too. Idk how to think about this\n\nwrite about wanting to help people, but maybe micro-helping is the way, begin with yourself, then your family, then friends, then local community, then broader community, THEN the planet whatever, if you can. this is more realistic and it has a sequence to it. but help yourself first, you cant pour from an empty cup\n\nwrite about being needy before, i didnt like seeing myself being like that. i did this online, with girls, with job interviews, with dms and requests for help, with friends and music scene. now i have more dignity, higher standards. and i just kinda work on myself now lol. when the student is ready the master appears\n\nlife is full of pain and mistakes and regret, but you cant let em get you down, dont dwell, learn why you were wrong, why youre mental explanatory scaffolding was a wrong model of the world, backprop ONLY whats needed, then put 1 foot in front of other, experiment in breadth and depth. ideological vector experimentation\n\ncontrarian take? i couldnt find the todolist app i wanted so i made it years ago, i would use it almost everyday, now maybe once a week, but after years I KNOW its valuable so ill trust my taste, even though productivity apps are jokes to many founders. its just my first little app and its a learning experience so fuck it\n\ni learned that noone escapes failure, failure is death, is giving up, thats ACTUAL failure, but if you play the infinite game and keep playing, you have not ACTUALLY failed.. yeah everyone fucks up. noone lives perfectly, we work with imperfect information. but if someone is a good faith experimenter, it should work out..\n\nfame is like a double edged sword AFTER a certain threshold and depending on the vibe you put out and tribe you attract. its awesomely just a sword until you hit that threshold (insert waitbutwhy kinds of illustrations. maybe use ai, stock photos, and the digital pen thing i have in bedroom drawer (great long term purchase)\n\ni learned the hard way to finish whats on your plate before adding more. i got humbled by life in a good way im grateful for it. you wanna be in flow so its optimal to be in “the channel..”. goldilocks got it right. dont do too little and be lazy, dont too much and be full of hubris. but obviously still aim for improvement.\n\ni learned the hard way to finish whats on your plate before adding more. i got humbled by life in a good way im grateful for it. you wanna be in flow so its optimal to be in “the channel..”. goldilocks got it right. dont do too little and be lazy, dont too much and be full of hubris. but obviously still aim for improvement.\n\nkaraoke feels bad, i gotta host, zoe isnt going lol, i just did it last night and now i dont wanna sorta, but i said i would. keep the commitment yeah. i feel like people dont like me. maybe its me that doesnt like me. why? i wanna solve the wealth problem but im having trouble, i think if you just dont stop thats what matters idk\n\ngreat how the internet attention economy is pretty siloed, so you can safely gain "fame" good for sales for wealth creation and sexual opportunity. but do i still not wanna show my face and name? maybe diversify stuff, real name, earning name, speaking name. yeah lets do that. i mean my heroes are out in public life. check stoicism on this\n\nas long as i sleep no alarm its sorta a 100% i think im stress from wealth and sex so thats why i wake up. but also corcadian. yeah things need to change the inaction cost is too high. 1 foot in front of the other you are armed with understanding and explanations for these 2 markets now it takes 8020 action. you are an artist trust your taste\n\nare you playing offense or defense? going for goal or preventing goals on you? are you getting busy living or dying? i want to go on the offense in life for once. i know ill miss shots on goal, but thats okay. play offense, you will miss, people will get mad, but if you play the infinite game in good faith, what more can you do? go for goal..\n\nA healthier relationship / frame of failure. Talk about frames, and how i was assigning identity based on results. Which is partially true, but its changeable thats the thing. FINE! Do that, but ALSO know that you can change your station in life, by winning more. Try it smaller, and build your way back up, like a portfolio that totally dropped..\n\nit reminds me of freshman year where you take things super seriously, and then the next year you know whats up and chill out more, still determined but more at ease from familiarity i guess. im not as perfectionist. also i was trying to prove something, via competitiveness almost, now im just trying to live as best as i can. whatever that may mean\n\nit reminds me of freshman year where you take things super seriously, and then the next year you know whats up and chill out more, still determined but more at ease from familiarity i guess. im not as perfectionist. also i was trying to prove something, via competitiveness almost, now im just trying to live as best as i can. whatever that may mean\n\nthe fact that life can end and that life doesnt end, is insane. i want to fall in love w reality again. amor fati. not to merely bear existence, but to love it. im trying to escape, but ill die anyway? i dont have to exist, im choosing to. i dont want pity. i dont want to cry for help. i just wanna be better. this damn ego its hurting me? so much bullshit..\n\ndonavan was making a point about the only reason singapore can afford to be so beautiful on the inside is because of the masculine walls, the death penalty, strong borders. so only through outer strength can it afford to be inwardly good. i think this is a metaphor for people too. you gotta be strong and good. powerful and good. win maxxing and helping maxxing\n\ni want things to be perfect but thats not realistic. im not down about it, i just have learned to accept it. i had super high expectations of myself and the project, now i see it with clearer eyes i think. it will be a mixed bag, like most things, but we just keep going, operate on our best guesses with each situation, as it arises. what more can you do? haha..\n\nthe more i post, the more potential reason i give for people to unfollow. first of all i dont have to care about that. i do care about reaching people like me + live so you like you post. but the more people unfollow you, the more you know that the people who remain are the aligned ones for the long haul, for the infinite game. + polarize along authentic vectors.\n\nMemes and incentive. We think of each other as how they can help us solve our problems, we treat people like tools. Maybe its just me. But i dont want to think like that, i want to see the humanity in people, but its hard to do that for everyone. Maybe you only have so much room in your heart to care. Maybe this is where being selective matters. I feel hella lost\n\nFame half life. Im not famous but im afraid of it. I read tim ferriss essay on fame. Maybe its an excuse, a friend of mine said only good has happened as a result of his rise to micro-fame, there is a sweet spot of money and fame ive heard. Andrew wilkinson and tim ferriss. Seems like 7-8 figures is a sweet spot of money, 5 figures of internet presence is a sweet spot of fame.\n\nwhat i dont get about arjun and brett hall is that they shit on ideas they dont agree with, and theyre right about their stance, but thats not the way you get someone to be open to your better idea. better to begin with commonality, and bring the lower platocavemen to your position step by step. be a good teacher be a good student, this is what it means to be a good interlocutor\n\nthe biggest mistake you can make right now is beating yourself up. by dwelling you miss the opportunity. every mistake means a lack of knowledge, which means this is an opportunity to understand life and the world better. mistakes mean you are working at the edge of your knowledge, at your own personal frontier, which is flow-growth. this is not just trite wisdom, its actually true lol.\n\nwhat you want is the capacity to encounter, engage with, and solve new problems, with creativity. you want to keep your creativity engine in tact and fully functioning at its highest capacity, even if it means changing an otherwise fine system. dynamic is better than static, even if the static is working for now, if you are static, that is actually suicidal because of unknown unknowns and entropic problems that will come\n\n"i think i figured out life" "im back baby! only took me 30 days till the end of my 1 month vacation/break. i learned to have a healthier relationship to failure. coming to terms that i will always have imperfect knowledge, that some experiments will not go my way (farther from problem-goal states rather than closer), but as long as i always live out of my best understanding of things at the time, then i can forgive myself.\n\nwhen stuck in past, return to the present. we are not one, we are one. be your own father. forgive yourself. don't play by the rules, play WITH the rules. what would this look like if it were easy? perpetual break frame, reframe. pretend. the frustration makes it worse, like the adventure time calm bush. friendship art love. bet on what you influence. salt. questions -> answers. baby steps. articulation, action, baby steps. flow.\n\n- would your deathbed self regret this? - create curate. - live in jazz. - focus more on what you want to see more of. - clear goals, immediate feedback, challenge-skills balance. - there is no free lunch. - try slowing down, try to do the opposite of my extremeness. mama pointed out this bias. - don't be so all or nothing. what if i just do a little bit, each day? - BE a friendship-creator, a visibility-creator, a wealth-creator.\n\ni feel like once you become "successful" one of the main new goals is to not get disconnected from reality, you gotta keep a tight feedback loop with nature and markets, you cant get out of touch. what does successful mean? i think it depends on what the person wants? was hitler "successful" to him maybe. were his values and goals good values? no. so maybe he more objectively wasnt successful then. good values good goals good strategies.\n\nyou can "fail up" like whats his name. bugzy? buggy. you fail because you dont understannd reality, you forgive to soften the blow, the embarassment, you use humility to accept it. you use explanations to account for the failure, you then have an upgraded understanding of the world, of life, of yourself, then your next experiment/action is rooted in a better explanation than before. it's a life toolbox i've developed, to avoid despair, repair!\n\nsuccess. articulate 4 clarity. baby steps. fast. prolific. tasteful. the obstacle is the way. do not look around, look up. what look like if easy? Deutschian possibility. energy emotions buttons. what is influential? definite optimism. doubt no doubt. orchestration. 1 decision to cut away many. this is a test, a puzzle, an opportunity for virtue. do what you say, say what you do, build trust w yourself and others, be honest. true good beautiful.\n\nyou are not high enough to judge yourself. state story strategy. energy emotions buttons. follow the results you want. put the gun down. definite optimism. experiment. conviction. gratitude works, it just works. you shouldnt match bad chaos with bad order. if nothing changes, nothing changes. components; fast, prolific, tasteful. detach from outcomes, best inputs are all that stoically matter. how do i live the best life i can? you care too much.\n\nimagine when i have 1000 dollars in the bank, when i have people hitting me up daily to hang out both irl and url. when girls are DMing me daily wanting to hang out and they clearly like me. keep growing. solve these problems like a madman. be strong, be good. break down in scapple how exactly i plan to reach these goals and solve my top 3 problems. with energizers, friends and girlfriends that i genuinely like. on Feb 8, 2025 at 1:30 PM - 2:00 PM\n\nbe honest about what youre willing to give, "is it worth the cost?" https://youtu.be/URgncvVxxFU?si=KPAoBMaGGm-HOKR7 just being honest how you want to live your life. something to consider.. even the person who looks like a success on the outside, do they feel like a success on the inner scorecard? should you even "keep score" i think you cant really not do it, your mind automatically keeps score subconsciously, this is the peterson heirarchy nervous system thing..\n\n- what’s the salient error? let it lead the way. don’t despair, repair! - just do your best with available knowledge every day - all problems are solvable. dont despair, repair! this is the beginning of infinity! all your problems are solvable, you just don’t know how. but you CAN know how! - what would this look like if it were easy? actually answer this question :) - "does this actually matter?" - what labor capital media code am i creating curating today? to solve debt..\n\ni used to see people as y-intercepts, seeing them where they were, including myself, like thomas jefferson's meritocracy. now i'm practicing seeing people more like benjamin franklin did, where you see people's potential within them, you see what people COULD be, no matter where they are in that moment. it's like are you not gonna like babies cause they're CURRENTLY useless? or do you see the infinite potential within every person because that is truly the case, as far as i know.\n\ntrying to be perfect is a fools errand, obviously dont try to make mistakes but be willing to for the sake of progress. as long as youre net positive thats all that matters, try to maximize net positivity, nuanced utilitarianism. life is orchestration. putting out bad fires and lighting the right good fires. its like yin yang, theres always gonna be some yin in your yang, we are always wrong its just a question of how wrong we are. act in proportion to how wrong you are about something. tbd\n\nat first, i thought the answer was to push harder. "busyness is a form of laziness." it's indiscriminate action. it's silly to think you can do everything. sometimes, effort isn’t enough. sometimes, pausing and resting isn't enough. they go hand in hand — it's in their combination that problems get solved, not in just one or the other. it's both. you can brute-force your way to everything… or you can pause, upgrade your worldview to account for the errors made, and go again — but with a better head.\n\ni learned to accept infinite ignorance, to live out of best guesses of the true good beautiful in this life, and to forgive past failures due to that lack of knowledge (evils..) so moral judgements are from acting NOT out of good faith, and good faith living deserves forgiveness. i feel like a light beginner again. earnest. im learning to embrace the not knowing, the learning, the beginners mind sorta, not acting as much like i know how things work, cause i clearly dont. i feel like a mature kid haha\n\nput visible competence and preselection on IG. this will help convert girls to responding to my dms. and have a plan from message to sex. make a simple elegant plan that i can follow. from prethought plan from total understanding of how the system works. and clean the room minimalistic, and 8020 how to have great sex, a great relationship. and also focus on a genuine good social life. like with elijah, who else? choose dont chase. be honest. be strong. courageous. etc. on Feb 8, 2025 at 1:00 PM - 1:30 PM\n\nfollowing an account is turning on an attention stream. the question is what people / entities are worth paying attention to? are youu doing it out of pity or because you genuinely want to see more of them. id feel bad if i unfollowed my friend's account, it almost seems like im rejecting them. idk how to approach this. on one hand i want to keep my digital feed clean, on the other hand, i want to be honest about what people i admire and want to follow, and who i want to be friends with. its complicated!\n\n353 days left, after 6 months, 73 days.. unless mama renews "lease" say its like school, but cheaper and way better for me in the long run i swear with my whole being lol. be extremely you. need weekly play in my life like comedy improv. what would this look like if it were easy? do less, better.. problems are solvable. every obstacle is an opportunity for virtue. you are right here right now. infinity begins here and now. love it when past self saves your ass. what would this look like if it were easy? 1 8020 step a day..\n\nthere aint enough time to do all the ideas and projects. so you gotta prioritize. surround yourself with people that ship. quantity and quality of artistry. value creation value capture. after a certain amount of money, the only reason to get more money is to do bigger things. yeah ask yourself what youd spend it on. for me its debt, then savings, jnvestments, then projects and post economic shopping listZ then what? maybe use the ethical qualms about money to my advantage. if i can point it ethically. and win and help win, then we good.\n\nwhen youre faced with failure after failure, banging your head against the wall that just wont come down, it can start to feel impossible. and im not trying to be all hippy dippy positive, thats not good, but its a belief that it is in fact possible, its just that youre going about it wrong, evidently. theres still a gap between your theory of how it works, and how it ACTUALLY works, the truth. so of course don't give up if its worthwhile, continue to modify your theory and work for insights that can lend to a better more accurate experiment, next time..\n\nCrossing the sea of imperfection: try 1 then cureate, then 10, then curate, then 100, then curate, then 1000, then curate, then 10000, then curate. dont you want the net positivityy to be maximized? and create and curate. this is like the flood myth.. Theres a quote i like, and people with really good taste have such a high bar for the art that they never get started, but if you can aim for volume and edit later, you get asymptotically closer and closer to creating the food that will satisfy your taste.. Its like “fine! Be a perfectionist, but just LATER………”\n\nim realizing more and more as time goes on, that change really is the constant, as cliche as that is, bob dylan has that song "the times they are a changin", and yeah the old good things are sorely missed, but the good thing is that you can take advantage of leaving the bad and going toward the uptrend good, and being early. balaji has this great quip about "thiel's contrarianism" you dont want to be contrarian forever, you want to be contrarian early. you want to have seen the truth before others, positioned yourself well, then you reap the rewards of that rigor and curiosity\n\nim learning that im taking things way too fuckin fast. right? i mean im 22, obviously im not gonna try to waste my life but “time carries most of the weight” i will live to 30 40 50 60 70 80 90 100, i just went from 0 to 10 to 20. ive been spending this time back home reflecting, and i think i need to ignore more in life, unlearn more, get rid of more. and really simplify and master. im so young and naive and stupid sometimes but im saying this in an optimistic spirit! theres so much i can get better at, so much to improve on. but im determined to get good at this game of life\n\nGOGGINS. do not look around to others, look up to God. never forget the deutschian lens. 90-10 solutions. if there is doubt, there is no doubt. the quest is right here. energy emotions buttons. energize or drain? choose really good lead dominos. not best, category of one. genius > talent for nonlinear returns. remove friction to get to your goals. create counterexamples, no bullshit. focus on positive change, not why current state is negative. learn earn or quit. generate curate excavate. even the best are molded out of faults. i want to see how great i can be. substance over status. competition is not validation\n\nwhen stuck in past, return to the present. we are not one, we are one. be your own father. forgive yourself. don't play by the rules, play WITH the rules. what would this look like if it were easy? perpetual break frame, reframe. pretend. the frustration makes it worse, like the adventure time calm bush. friendship art love. bet on what you influence. salt. questions -> answers. baby steps. articulation, action, baby steps. flow. think about the world and others more, exteroception, it's not just agent. the bad is next to the good. focus on your locus. well being is realized in small steps, but is no small thing. let admiration guide.\n\nim really growing a lot here. learning about myself, learning how to adapt to life's changes UGH i wanna throw up at that cliche speech but its true. maybe im just sucking my own dick about this situation because i have money from mama. im not dying rn. so i feel more at ease. i still need to remember that im in massive debt for my age. im 22 almost 23, my net worth is 9600 or so. thats terrible, im paying exorbitantly in credit card interest, so get steady income asap, what are my best guesses? code tasks + indiehacking better this time. building well selling well, then ask mama for debt jubilee. thats a great start. lets act now! lego....\n\nits almost like you are a flowing stream, and to solve a problem, you need that creative flowy water to get to a certain place. coercion and suppressing and forcing yourself is like using buckets to move the water from a to b, but actually its better to unblock the flow, so that the water more naturally, creatively, gets from a to b. its a better life strategy long term i think.. write about examples, like how i wanted to leave to go ground, but i also felt an obligation to stay at the table w the people, but i used an invitation to satisfy both inner desires that were in conflict, be the peacekeeper that is in my nature, but with myself lol\n\na corrected error is just as good as success, just with extra steps. and when you integrate what the last hill taught you, you don’t just try again — you try better. the quality of each attempt increases. but that's not enough. after making a bunch of mistakes, you’ve got to pause, upgrade your worldview — because the reason the errors occurred is that your worldview did not match the world. conjecture and criticize your worldview around that error until it can account for why it happened — and what you'd do differently if you were in that same scenario again (the moral of the story). THEN try again. aim for success — but know that you will fail again. embrace the inevitable.\n\nthe problem with "pussy thinking" goggins style mindsets / toxic masculinity, is that they are coercive, antirational, parasitic, beCAUSE, youre not allowed to question it, even though you are allowed to question everything, every thought, if you feel stuck in life, there might be "parasites" in your mind that overtly dont allow you to question them, like your mom, or your social taboo of a culture, like prostitution, social shame, etc. is there some law of the universe that you cant think about it, inspect it, question it? of course not, you can think and wrestle with every idea you want! it still may not be the right way, but you can actually inspect it, every stone is pickupable..\n\nthe fastest way to do something is to not do it at all. 20% effort, 80% benefit. statistics doesn't work with a sample size of 1. the obstacle is the way. if there is doubt, there is no doubt. articulate. memento mori, amor fati. accept 20% failure, wash away with excellence. clear goals, immediate feedback, challenge skills balance. what would this look like if it were easy? try rewarding yourself again. good shit. i stopped same time as goggins. i did the same with no caffeine + sleep. i gotta isolate variables and keep the baby, no bath water. fate leads the willing and drags along the reluctant. “Never confuse Motion with Action.” ― Benjamin Franklin, The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin. substance, not time. i want to feel like i belong. never forget the deutschian lens. the good is next to the bad. of all bad things that bother me, what's the reverse good?\n\n- just solve problems. - if it does not break physics, it's possible. - have an inner scorecard. do your best, and that's all you can ask for. live so you like you first. - today is the beginning of infinity, never forget. - you could die today, let that determine what you do say and think. - create curate create curate. - don't tell me your ideas, show me your actions. - its the people stupid! - as long as you actually try your best, where is their room for regret? - meet new people, start new projects, don't overfocus on the old. explore the for you pages. - everyday, surf, jazz, roll. - balance extrinsic and intrinsic motivations. what do I genuinely just want to do? and play? = flow. - don't tell me what you know, show me what you practice. do i have habits that will bring me to the goal states of top problems? - if Elon maximizes thinking, Rubin maximizes feeling. - every no gets you closer to a yes. - try feeling more, thinking less. - be partial on purpose.\n\nIve been learning about procrastination, and ive been so negative framed, problem solving, it puts you in a negative frame, but i learned that to combat procrastination, it helps to have a positive framing. I recently was asked “what do you dream of?” and that was a hard question, it got a 404 for me.. And i think it has to do with that framing reality, that ive been always looking at how to subtract the negative, but maybe what im not doing enough of is adding, doubling down on the positive things that i notice, that im grateful for. Im grateful for my friends here at ns, like alborz, zoe, natalia, etc. even if i die, id like to have lived knowing that i helped my friends. People that i care about like maanasa and olena, people that have virtue i guess. I wanna know what the virtues are. Maybe this word vomit thing is an exercise in minimal backspacing, like a public morning pages. I tend to tangle myself up in knots, thats why i wanna get more psychedelics, because it helps to open the knottedness up, which helps me to untangle it. Yeah lets solve this. Okay cool good shit bye bye.. Yeah i dont wanna lose, but more than that, i wanna score, i wanna win.. Apply this mindset to life. Its not about “not dying” but “yes living”. It reminds me of soccer..\n\nWrite about fear: do what scares me: seek the dangerous yet transformative tests and truths. you can do it now, and itll be rough, but it will only grow and get worse if you dont. by dwelling, you miss the opportunity. there are limits to what you know, but you must be more than you are, so you must do what scares you, and be in the pool of THE unknown. you are scared because the possible results will show you possible truths that you dont want to see. why dont you want to see it? because it conflicts with your fragile identity that will have dissonance with the results of the experiment? it would not be an experiment if you would know the result, that would be more like replication. and you can copy in mimesis to the frontier, but once you encounter the frontier, and problems that don't have easy answers, you must confront the unknown with experiments and courage, doing what scares you, ON PURPOSE, to know what you do not know, because you are not enough, unless you have all that you need and want. unless you are all that you need and want, unless you do what you need and want. do not deny reality. emotions guide. you dont need fight unecessary fights, but you need to stand up for yourself. think of it as self-defense, NOT unnecessary offense. life is a mess, it truly is. but i may be greater inside than i think, and i may be up to the challenge. but this is a matter of life and death, good and evil, order and chaos, decisions and fate.\n\ni’ve been thinking a lot about mistakes. about why i’m scared to make them, especially in public, and how that fear blocks creativity, and playfulness at life. i notice that when im playing games or sports, i perform best when i don't really care that much, when i'm genuinely just having fun. but then in real life, i don't carry that playful mindset. why? even though it seems really useful.. i just want to untangle the mind. yesterday i journalled 12 pages straight. i had a lot of puzzle pieces to lay on the table. what do you do when you don't want to do something, even though it seems like it'd help you in the long run? try to find the 3rd path, the creative solution. i’m learning from @reasonisfun (lulie tanett) and david deutsch about anti-rational memes, ideas that don’t tell you what to think, but block you from thinking at all. learning how to detect antirational memes / self-coercion. i've noticed that i can't guarantee outcomes, but i can guarantee inputs. stoic shit i guess.. i fear other people's opinions, but why? maybe were socially hardwired to care about what people think. inner scorecard vs outer scorecard. i think good friends care more about your inner scorecard vs their scorecard of you, if they even think about that. consciously subconsciously or unconsciously fear of writing the “wrong” thing is one of those. sometimes i don’t want to post. but i feel like i should, because i committed to 100 days. and then i wonder, is that discipline, or is it coercion? what i’m exploring now is a kind of non-coercive productivity. not goggins-style push through the pain. but the opposite: debugging the mental blocks that kill flow. “coercion presumes infallibility.” that line hit me. whenever i obey fear, it’s like i’m assuming i know how others will react. i don’t. even messi misses goals. elon gets things wrong. rick rubin produced mediocre songs. yet they're still the players of their games.. that’s not failure, it’s fallibility. i’m learning how to forgive myself for not being perfect. how to think for myself instead of outsourcing moral authority. how to play the game of life with my own brain switched on. so yeah. let’s learn in public. mistakes and all. i want to "play at life" life is the ultimate game were all playing. if you're gonna live, might as well enjoy it, be in flow :) i notice that when we play improv here, i dont care as much about "failure" because at the start, we set the expectation that mistakes arent actually mistakes, its a low stakes flow-dojo almost. but then when we exit, and are back in the "real world" things seem so high-stakes. why? but we were in the "real world" the whole time haha. maybe its because we framed the game in a different way. maybe i can take that insight of useful frames, and apply that to areas of life that i historically take way too seriously, and maybe get better results. because yeah everyone would change certain dimensions of life if they had a magic wand, but we don't know how, but we CAN know. how can we make things worse? haha "the bad is next to the good" i seem to care a lot about and think a lot about morality / ethics. why? because of my religious hardwiring? even if i fail and fail and fail, i think my family will still love me right? idk..\n\nplease be a good interlocutor, an infinite game player\n\nall you control is your output and you trust your taste\n\nsomething about my personality: music, philosophy, tech\n\ni dont need to let my most embarassing moment define me\n\njust like in soccer the fundamentals do 80% of the work\n\ndo not pedastalize your heroes and also women of course\n\nthe biggest mistake you can make is beating yourself up\n\nif i dont like what you have to say/post i mute/unfollow\n\nevery notification reminds you to turn off notifications\n\ndiff x accounts for different vibes? timeless, temporary\n\nwhen youre looking for flaws, youre GOING to find em lol\n\nif a tweet makes me: haha, ohhh, smile,  its being liked\n\nvisible competence:fame*, be confident from explanations\n\na note is not right or wrong, but it may resonate or not\n\nlive your life of abundance and women will give you shots\n\noptionality of friends, of startup ideas/wealth, of women\n\ntimeless, standalone, dont be afraid, dont stay in a lane\n\nif you live as a Christian, youll get a Christian outcome\n\nthey are not my thoughts they only passed through my mind\n\ncurate your feed and what do you get? who you admire lol.\n\nporn is fake, games are shallow relative to infinite life\n\ntrue character is revealed with power. i believe that now\n\ni want to be intelligent wise clear communicative infinite\n\nwhat you do matters infinitely more than how you do things\n\nim not as needy and insecure anymore, ive empowered myself\n\na childlike naivety by choice or not is a pattern i notice\n\n"you must let many small bad things happen to do the best"\n\nyou can summon power out of nothing with will and reframes\n\ntwitter rule: have i been thinking about this for a while?\n\nnot consume less, produce more. insert drake meme template\n\nignore all you can and the unignoreable will reveal itself\n\ndan bilzerian says life is a lot about setup, like w girls\n\nwhen i see a bad thing i see an opportunity (for solutions)\n\neach generation and in a life we upgrade to better problems\n\nsalient urgency cuts to the front of your line / your plans\n\nive got better at being less needy. i do permissionless now\n\ntake life 100% seriously and 0% seriously, at the same time\n\nwomen INITIATE INITIATION, its more of a passive poker game\n\nelon says dont focus on business plan too much always wrong\n\nyou can love your mom and be successful lol: eg: elon kanye\n\nminimalism, then volumism, then minimalism. write about this\n\nwith great fundamentals. positive emergent properties appear\n\nremove from mind and vocab: luck-based words, victim mindset\n\nshould be proud how little you spend, how little people help\n\nbe like furio, charming strong dude whos take it or leave it\n\ngenius is seeing the target noone can see. so get principled\n\nthe big myth is that your work cant be fun, only if creative\n\nwhen i see a good thing i see an opportunity (for gratitude)\n\nbe so good they cant ugnore u. be so good she cant ignore you\n\nthe best players are INTENTIONAL they know what TO do and why\n\nbeing needy is like playing poker and turning over your cards\n\nahead of time means souced, fine its a virtue. dont be a dick\n\nnobody would be the same if they could afford to be different\n\nduty is a moral motivation, like elon and mars, hes convinced\n\nyou are DETERMINED and UNPREDICTABLE. 2 words chosen carefully\n\nreason brings people together, character keeps people together\n\nif jobs was worth something at 60, he was worth something at 6\n\ni dont know where im going but i know exactly how to get there\n\nthere is no speed limit to giving love. you can ALWAYS give it\n\nmaybe i wont want to listen to this note NOW, but i will later\n\nthe light touch is the right touch when it comes to pursuasion\n\n1 right place right time reframe can catalyze life long change\n\nthe truth is often silent. the noisiest is often the most wrong\n\ni love truth so much i love comedy. humor is truth with a twist\n\nif you occasionally disagree with your heroes thats a great sign\n\nif you are out of ideas, learn and follow your genuine curiosity\n\nheroes are people who take up mindspace. heres what ive learned.\n\ntake haters and add it to the fire, i know im on the right path.\n\njust like read authors not books read to understand not to finish\n\nmy fam isnt nice to me so im not nice to them. riff with the nice\n\nthe biggest mistake you can make right now is beating yourself up\n\nhaving a beautiful woman on your arm validates me as a mans value\n\nthe great songs make me sing, move, stank face, feel a certain way\n\npeople are unhappy because they dont have be do what they need lol\n\ndont get cocky now. be as optimistic as you can see definistixally\n\non linkedin say im a proud dropout and went to internet university\n\nyoull find your way if youre agentic truth seeking artistic true. c\n\na better thought KNOCKS OUT existing thoughts. a better explanation\n\nno gay songs on ig lol. visible competence. channel inner al pacino\n\nrationality is using intelligence to become aware of self-deception\n\ngirls have rejected me many times i should be able to reject a girl\n\nhumility and courage and diligence/endurance are top rate qualities\n\nluck is having the coin come up heads, but hard work / diligence is\n\nmama nag = clean dont give her bullets. tell her when shes too much\n\na private social media account is like immigration lol. do we align?\n\nlove something more than yourself, turning the eros arrow outward!!!\n\ni dont need to make every tweet a blog and every blog a tweet do it?\n\ndont agree with everything about your heroes esp. think for yourself\n\nwomen are rewards because kids are rewards because life is the reward\n\ni gain confidence in proportion to understanding, action, and results\n\nyou kill perfectionism with do 100 thing AND stress is untaken action\n\nhead in the cliuds feet on the ground is maslow top and maslow bottom\n\ndepressionanxiety are anti flow. and flow is found in problem solving\n\nnot letting in bad ideas is just as important as letting in good ideas\n\ngratification: getting more of what you want and less of what you dont\n\nit should be so good i cant ignore it. be so good they cant ignore you\n\nobvious to you, repulsive to others: a mark of a great idea to work on\n\n"you dont need to think about that" "you dont need to have an opinion"\n\nuhh the mark of a good person is they dont let pride prevent progress.\n\n"if youre so smart why cant you master your mind and get what you want"\n\nbalaji created ns just because he wanted to lecture lol. love this nerd\n\nim a fuckin philosopher king!!! 10/10 philosopher, 3/10 king but rising\n\na lossy but funny and semi useful heuristic is: did elon do that though?\n\nyou dont HAVE to do anything. only play games you genuinely want to play\n\ni feel peace because i know these ideas will be put in action in my life\n\npeople care about your peak, a human burning so bright. like kurt cobain\n\n- if whoop green: oscillate embodied social meaning act.  soccer tonight\n\npaint a picture of what success looks like for me (getting what i want):\n\nthe 4 rejections i got felt like death lol. exposing myself to DEATH lol\n\nin the internet age its a sellers market. its easier to be extraordinary\n\nwhen to have a light grip a strong grip. comes with experience and wisdom\n\ni used to think sex and money were evil. took a long time to unlearn this\n\nnot giving up is about experimenting until a hit, then repeating that hit\n\nyou can stick out and fit in in good and bad ways. i love visa's insights\n\nonly tweet what i would say to myself, thats the blog filter. value vectors\n\nim in love with life. think of yourself less, think of everything else more\n\nmute/block negativity, but be open to healthy criticism, great interlocutors\n\ntyla's bf has style muscles vibes. signal that too? well only if its forreal\n\n* and etc and lol are the words that i use to capture so much nuance* lol etc\n\nwhen was the last time you changed your mind or had a bedrock levered insight\n\nwhat you do matters more than how you do it. dont confuse hustle with strategy\n\nif you can survive your worst days youll be golden. hang in there ya monkey :)\n\nadversity revelas true values, the deepest of which we call "religious" values\n\nremember that material purchases fade. know when youre on the hedonic treadmill\n\nit matters if the people YOU admire admire you. but firstly that YOU admire you\n\ngoggins comes into play with action and will. you can be a mosaic of influences\n\ni repeat ideas to myself to cement them in, in proportion to its importance etc\n\nthe path to peace is truth. when troubled, seek to understand and keep seeking.\n\ni want tons of dms on instagram and twitter, and ill curate. riff with the nice\n\nlearn your inner al pacino, dont be just a goody2shoes whatever. strong and good\n\nyou cant critique a soccer player by basketball rules, theyre playing diff games\n\nlaziness is a filtering function for doing more with less. hustle can work but...\n\ni love understanding the misunderstood, because i was and am often misunderstood.\n\nonly be with a girl if shes into me, like dan. hes an extreme example of hedonism\n\neveryone has breaking points. its a sin to let yourself get to a sinning position\n\nill try not to push my face and real name, but im open to it, kinda like mf doom.\n\nlove is seeing yourself in something else and wanting to complete the unity of it\n\nnow im so good at using internet its amazing. im proud of myself or something lol\n\ni respect people who can change their mind: thiel sowell, given new understanding\n\nif i can ignore the solution it wasnt a problem or there are better easier options\n\nwe just cant care about everyone: wed be crying at deaths halfway across the world\n\ni dont care if youre right so much, i care if you are trying for something higher.\n\nhave a be list and do list, what i am and what i do: farming dopamine. cloudperson\n\nbeing yourself polarizes and attracts. who you dint and do eant to be is wrapped up\n\nyou cannot remove your nature, but you learn to point it in less and less worse ways\n\ntell her too many questions when i got it covered irritates me it feels like nagging\n\ni gots ideas, i compile in life in time. im effective im becoming efficient. yuh yuh\n\nig for my projects and camera roll and more posts for cool shit = visible competence\n\nthe difference now is i see the light at the end quite clearly, im not lost im found\n\nif they do not follow me, they are not infinite game player, its their loss not yours\n\nthe common mistake of an intelligent person is finding problems where there are none.\n\nif you can broker attention, girls will come in droves, and then theyll be around you\n\nwhat is the understanding of respect? like al pacino godfather??? shit tests and shit\n\npart of why im afraid of fame is like tim ferriss said. i dont wanna be john lennoned\n\nwow i seeked to understand from an early age like 13-14, i was existentially shooketh.\n\nwe use our taste when it comes to music but not other areas of life? trust your taste.\n\nobsessed people dont get tired of talking about the same thing. well maybe they do idk\n\nif guys kept doing this whenever we wanted sex, thered be no kids (darwinian morality)\n\ndont skip the song, keep the video on 1x speed, insert third thing about being present\n\n"laziness" can be a virtue IF its a filtering function for leverage building and using\n\nput your money where your mouth is. goated old saying. make an old saying tier list lol\n\npeople dont usually weild their taste properly. they taste but dont act on it or curate\n\nim learning and now have explanations that reach infinity! love it. live laugh love lol\n\nive had so many mistakes, failures, regrets, shame lol. working on making peace with em\n\nwe are not original, the only originality is in taste, we are mosaics of creative taste\n\nsave the skeleton halloween decoration for memento mori type reminder. this or dont die\n\nthe best way to have an attractive woman is to have an attractive woman: young cute hot\n\nig vibe setting. joe mattia said girls keep the vibe long term lil hes susch a character\n\nelon doesnnt focus on business plans because when the plan hits reality its always wrong*\n\nsivers why is your profile pic a funny face? is it to stand out again? to be a purple cow?\n\nfame is like an inbox. you get good and bad incoming lol. so a new skill emerges: curating\n\ndont fight human nature its a fools errand. work with the underlying forces to better ends\n\nmake a wall of quotes in hower like: the fastest way to do something is to not do it at all\n\nif you dont like a song, dont listen to an album, dont listen to an artist. hell yeah or no\n\nbe tasteful in your reply game and tweet game. standard of quality and a considerate cadence\n\nremember to think internet first, stop thinking local even thought its right in frint of you\n\na balaji tweet to people on x is like a mrbeast video to a 7 year old on youtube on his ipad\n\nseb loves when im wrong i feel. i dont like the cassying anymore its so draining and negative\n\nminimum effective mag fame for what i want: girlfriend sex and online friends. 1000 true fans\n\ni love it when my past self saves my ass, thats how i know im making wise long term decisions\n\ncollin and angelo negative = just ignore. im there to exercise not to fight. violence is lazy\n\ngo from nice to challenging mindset. be challenging discerning. what are your best qualities:\n\nive become better at being distracted. waterbending my adhd-like attention back to the source\n\nbecause of dont die i tentalively dropped memento mori, oops. losing some stoicism points lol\n\ni love finding common ground, and being wrong (closer to truth and therefore closer to peace)\n\nyou can like and dislike values of times and places: spartan discipline but athenian tolerance.\n\nive learned that opinions can def be wrong. think it through from first principles when you can\n\nmy personal notes will NOT be turned into a meditations lol, it would need lots of filtering omg\n\nreading big waves doesnt matter if you cant surf. get yourself under control, then mag up and up\n\nalso principled stuff sounds counterintuitive SOMETIMES, but in time youll see how true it rings\n\nwrite about charging up your mana your spirit bomb, upping dopamine proactively. insert goku pic.\n\nkeeps keep me anchored, the routine. and i can use judgement to tweak my habits. sun got baked in\n\nmaybe i shouldnt shit on youtube because thats a pillar of my understanding of the world and life\n\nbeing the pursued instead of pursuing means your other flaws dissapear in the perception of girls\n\nSO: preselection, fame, confidence, ignore her, let her initiate initiation, i do not pay for sex*\n\nsince pain is 2x where pleasure is 1x, you need to double the positive to break even with negative\n\nnot needing is as good as having. look at all the things i dont need. know when to apply each lens\n\nignore her let her initiate i do not pay for sex. that was 1 radical experiment and thats done for\n\ni feel true joy in my work and life rn and recently im so grateful. so many positive possibilities\n\na calm mind a fit body and a house full of love, these things cannot be bought, they must be earned\n\nwhy are people more or less agentic than each other? is it goggins-style will? conqueror's haki? lol\n\nas long as you live well, there are no bullets, people will try to dig up dirt. be honest, say less.\n\nrecipracal opening (flow and joy and play) > reciprocal narrowing (depression and despair and dread)\n\nminimum effective fame. i also cant change my voice so maybe vocal effects on pod to distance myself?\n\nthey will come up to me: theyre in the adorer position. so ill just ignore and let them initiate. etc\n\na clear head and clear thinking is amazing. i feel enlightened now, internet-baptized by naval balaji\n\nriff riff riff ramble ramble ramble. notice my taste and coherent patterns. this is my cohesive theme\n\ngood memes spread, just like ideas, products, people. be a good person, and meet who you fit best with\n\nyou dont have to be NOT you and fake, but add a version of you that can do xyz, add it to your toolbox\n\nanti depression is flow. transformative truths. joy expands and expands. vervaeke and huberman both say\n\nworking on my mental explanatory scaffolding in the name of clarity of plan and conviction of decisions\n\nif its not big enough i wont have the motivation idk the framing has to be the right size the right fit\n\nbuild trust with timeless till 100 tweets, then i can loosen up with more vibes memes and idk other shit\n\nthe bad is next to the good. ties in with failed experiments. keep doing the positive results of course.\n\njoey green really showed his visible competence. we root for joey lol. its nice to see the good guys win\n\nyour heirarchy of values determines self/internal status markers, and eventually cultural status markers\n\ni admire how levels is still a student, just as naval is, if you keep a closed mind/circle you are blind\n\nbasically lower every reason why an attractive girl would NOT want to be with me. begin with the problem\n\ntruths i didnt expect: lyrics dont matter much, copying is fine and actually the only way things get done\n\ni would be like gotye and hide from spotlight. good thing people like the spotlight so i can hide from it\n\nschedule in andri and girls about dad. not cool how mamas forcing my hand, not letting me be an adult?...\n\nUGH MOMMMM... im becoming a sovereign individual building the beginning of infinity!!! get out of my room\n\nwhat have i been a word of mouth true fan about: kpop, lemon twigs, prada, tim ferriss, just stuff i love\n\ni see myself in the worst of myself and the best of myself. in the worst of people and the best of people.\n\ncomparrow adds human touch and judgement. if your life is a war, be productive like a warleader. hower.com\n\nwomen dont care about your struggles they just wait at the finish line and fuck the winners oof. cruel true\n\nwrite about how i encourage myself with a double pat on my chest when i notice im doing something good/wise\n\nattention/fame is a neutral force. kinda bullshit unless you have a vision courage speech ethical action etc\n\nsivers is a clear thinker. he lives life well i think. hes intential, clearheaded, and congruent. love that.\n\nyou want inequality between past and future selves right? thats a GOOD kind of inequality, this means growth\n\npeople focusing on kardeshev scale, how about maslow scale first lol. change yourself to change the world no?\n\ni really dont wanna be a scenester, i want to have proof of work, i wont feel guilty that way. healthy guilt.\n\nyou can be like the ashton kutcher, from a nice guy to a hot guy, to a mila kunis. you can change and level up\n\nif you need a reminder to say no, look at power laws, especially real emergent ones in your life, its no joke.\n\ndont die and freedom of speech are the fundamental things we gotta get right, and i think we are getting right\n\nput on bio: 70% fortune cookie philosophy, 20% tech-wealth insights, 10% banger memes. 10% mathematical errors\n\ngenuine curiosity is proper allocation of dopamine time stress, into understanding into wealth into better life\n\nwhen men talk about hotties we talk like theyre athletes lol "bro but PRIME scarlett johansen >>>" "but bro..."\n\nread an author not a book. listen to an artist not a song, its all just people. learn from the founder at source\n\ncompressed truths translated into compressed directives are very useful for bad days: low bandwidth low dopamine\n\nonce i break my mag threshold like gotye, remove face as much as possible and retire from that game. important...\n\ni think with science technology religion etc, we'll get through into this new age. i like it from what im seeing.\n\npeople are so quick to judge, so slow to create something themselves. look in the mirror before looking at others\n\nplease listen to reason. you are as old and as mature as the last time you changed your mind. courage and humility\n\nsince tasting the infinite i have little time patience for the finite. sorry but im serving a higher being/purpose?\n\nincompetence is never a virtue. muscle up so i COULD have fought the guy well but didnt out of principle and virtue\n\nif its important and i say no, itll come back. like forgetting a thought and relevance will bring it back on radar.\n\nthere is safety in numbers, like how famous people stay in LA cause people are jaded about it, the famous LOVE that\n\ninstagram is only for status, for girls. visible competence, fame, preselection. only things that noone else can do\n\nproudly exclude most people. magnets both attract and repel. whats important is being true to your axis, your vector\n\nby having multiple indiehacking projects at once, im not invested totally in one thing, so my ego is diversified lol\n\ni can be a lot of tjings. some stable personality traits some more volatile or experimental rather. i try tjings out\n\nthen i can have a goomar? men succeed TO have more sex, this is pagan deep truth, it fits with darwinian explanation\n\nbring own car gas up bring laptop work inside? why did i come. when i waste time its a lesson not to repeat decision\n\nif i dont admire someone's creative taste/decisions, dont work w em. freindly ambitious nerd. miguel is friendly 1/3\n\nfuck it give me all that placebo shit. maybe make 2 twitter accounts 1 for shitpoasting, 1 for insights and shit idk\n\ni dint think so and heres why. premise premise conclusion. avoid people who dint play the game. courageos and humble\n\ni have heroes but i cant pedastalize them much if i want to be friends with them eventually. i gotta reach their tier\n\nand move on to my next idea dont dwell or fixeate, make an ideasbugs little component for feedback and ill get to it.\n\nself-sticky/self-defensive, like there is only 1 religion that is correct, and its this one (said all religions ever)\n\nfriendly ambitious nerd is also. openness conscientiousness but friendly is ethics and do they play the infinite game\n\ni dont watch new stuff, i consume the things i know ill like that ive heard about beens vetted and i ought to consume\n\nbefore you could smell the nediness from me a mile away. now im learning and am becoming more independent so thats good\n\n"this is already happening" is a comforting phrase. for the good and the bad. the reason is it stifles the unknown/fear\n\ni like honest direct and obviously well-hearted people: svetlana, jerzy gregoreck, these fuckin sage europeans, love em\n\nexplanations are assertions about how systems work. dont fight truth, take harsh truths on the chin, great virtue/skill\n\ni love when people say "i see both sides" great side of a steelmanner and a great interlocutor. be a great interlocutor\n\nyou dont need to win every battle to win the war, even magnus carlsen loses, even guardiola loses, even messi loses, etc\n\nsee the truth, the problem isnt reality its reality minus expectations equals happiness? peace. above all give me truth.\n\njust be honest about what you like and dont, what you want to do and dont. hell yeah or no. there are few timeless things\n\nim confident in my slope so pedastals lower with past heroes, i can finally treat them more like people and i wont fanboy\n\nmaybe we just let this theory conflict brew for a bit and we can revisit, lets play the long game, is it worth the stress?\n\npeople are nice when there are less problems, from explanations and progress. dont be in a position of sin, dont get to it\n\nim grateful for life saving me from what i wanted. rejection forced me to seek self-improvement, or finding better choices\n\ndo i like it or not. taste is your mosaic, and can change. the thing that selects can change, thats why we wrestle with God\n\ndont stuff your head with the wrong things: negative neural wirings, bad info, bad models of explanation like communism, etc\n\ntheres an 8020 landscape of mental skyscrapers made of mental scaffolding. i can and will be a skyscraper. a peak, an optima\n\ngovern your mind and life before bigger things. work your way up the mags(built in humility growth and speed and principles)\n\ntell mama everything is a nag its a ceo to employee micromanaging ordering me around. you dont investigate why you just bark\n\ni am not my past, let me change, in fact im just going to change and the ball is in your court to update your perception of me\n\nif the ratio is fucked up: sausage fest vs girls party. make sure theres more girls than guys, and have your friends with you.\n\nif society doesnt IOU you with money, theyll help in other ways out of debtts of gratitude, at least the infinite players will\n\nobviously everything i say is the best of the info that i know at the time. im a good interlocuter, lets play the infinite game\n\nif they build it, thats a good thing. dont think negative zero sum, think positive sum for the long term game of community etc.\n\nwhen you find a good idea, make it a habit. this is how you repeat what you find that works, repeat the good as much as you can\n\nill compete on being positive sum. if youre going to compete make sure its a good competition, not the process but the outcomes\n\nexposure: having hot girls around you all the time, also thats preselection. so you dont freak out around world class beauties.\n\nby the time you are an elder, all your adolescent life hurdles should be lowered for the newer generation. cost curve come down\n\nwhen i start to lose interest just leave. the timeless is most interesting and ill always return to it if i left it as a mistake\n\nthere is no faceless pool of people whos gonna do it. just do it. if you see a good entity/person/team doing it then ok back off\n\nthe most contrarian thing of all is not merely to oppose the crowd, but to think for yourself. trust your sensors not the census\n\nwrite about bad days: low dopamine low bandwidth low progress. how to raise dopamine bandwidth and progress: understanding action\n\nis it pragmatic to sometimes concede trivial things to wokemindvirus zombies? other unaligned ideologies? maybe i see both sides.\n\nyou know you have a parasocial relationship with someone when you start reading their digital words / texts/tweets in their voice\n\nbe so trustworthy and strong, so when you say "we can deliver" they know you will. like a fuckin YONKO so much power and goodness\n\ndont do what you "have to do" thats work, do what you "want to do" thats play, and paradoxically thats how you do your best work""\n\nmen stay below the standards of women, then when we rise above, we have our pick more or less. preselection plays a role and pnsmv\n\nnot win in a competitive zero sum way, win at life like achieving your goals, getting to where you wanna go, "win" is a loaded term\n\nhave a banger quotes wall: “What you have inherited from your forefathers you must first win for yourself if you are to possess it.”\n\nif youre not sure say idk, ill look into that, or be silent. dont do harm, only good, as much as you can. sounds a little eff acc lol\n\nbe very receptive to higher platocavemen trying to pull you up, and be very distant toward lower platocavemen trying to pull you down\n\nfame is an empty pursuit at the end of the normal curve, but there is a sweet spot where you have presence but not the negative effects\n\nill trust you more if youve genuinely considered all sides you can think of and STILL come to that conclusion. good interlocutor good...\n\nim really surprised when people lack empathy, they dont stop to try and see how someone else with a different opinion got to that place.\n\nonly do the super hard thing if youre obsessed. because it costs so much objectively, that only what youre obsessed about is cheap to you\n\nwill i be remembered? does that matter? its lookin like i could be a fuckin G, ill be so good they cant ignore me. minimum effective fame\n\ni think things do actually matter see my twitte rbio. true nihilism is unlievable people just have bad lives because of lack of knowledge.\n\nburnout is when youre spending more than youre getting. you SHOULD get burntout if its not worth it. your body is telling you something lol\n\ni find it funny when elon says "my mind is a storm" i feel bad, but idk its funny. its like when jordan peterson is all mad its funny to me\n\njust cause youre wealthy doesnt make you attractive. would you want that specialist turtle pokemon with just defense on your team? shuckle?\n\nwhat girls dont realize is that if you were a guy youd act and think like a guy and vice versa. like if i was german back then id be a nazi.\n\nmeditation is a practice in bandwith, saying no and hell yeah or no-ing is a practice in bandwidth, deleting calendar events, curating feeds\n\nbryan johnson needs a girl sidekick whos that much into blueprint, to be an exemplar for the other half of humans lol, the women, the ladies\n\nthe word/phrase "hard work" can mean: toiling, diligence, and it can also mean being exhausted, burnout, trying really hard, being stressed.\n\nrick rubin is sourced. but it would be cool if sourced people actually ACTED and proved their sourcedness with RESULTS in diff spoke domains\n\npeople dont like social media because they dont curate their feeds, they dont customize the app to their liking, they dont act on their taste\n\ni also dont think ill be internet famous because there are bigger magnets ahead of me, and most people arent interested in my stuff. maybe...\n\nmaybe time heals because both people over time changed and theyre less and less the people that originally faught. mama said its a great line\n\nlets be friends even if we have differences. i mean alignment makes everything easier, but are we really gonna have dealbreakers for friends?\n\nprincipled people like elon or naval, they say things that semi make sense and only when you get to that point on path does it mentally click\n\nfade away from seb. fade away from miguel only if hes difficult and i have other options. sounds psychopathic or navalish randian selfishness\n\nif you dont dread the months of the same thing, thats a good sign. if you dont dread mondays, thats a good sign. JP said dont do what you hate\n\nafter 4 horsewomen i gave up on THAT experimental strategy. STOP doing what doesnt work, i took 4 girls of pain oof rejections hurt and haunt.\n\ndiff values work for diff goals in diff contexts. individualism vs collectivism is itself a value, going together going alone, fast vs slow etc\n\nkids dont know what a dollar costs or what a dollar feels like. its only propositional to them not perspectival, its just a number not a feeling\n\ncome on have courage im only dialing up what already exists: people knowing i exist, my name my face sorta. and i dont even have to push my face\n\ni have learned a mosaic of tools from people: indiehackers, peterson, huberman, goggins, etc. elon, the technologists (i obvi think theyre best)\n\ni learned that selfishness is a loaded term, and selfishness isnt really selfish lol. takes unpacking to make sense. self-interested and trading.\n\nwealth creation is like setting up for a party. find where you can contribute. begin w problem then understand then act. stress is untaken action\n\nthe biggest mistake you can make is beating yourself up, this is an antiframe that uses your perfectionism against itself!!! fight fire with fire\n\nonly blog/speak from a position of conjecture diary experimentation and positions of success, let results validate  words and speak for themselves\n\nyour lifestyle attracts a certain type of girl be visibly competent but not THAT visible. noone ever said im too independent, im too competent lol\n\nevery business is a lifestyle business lol, its just that people want different lifestyles, like elon wants a mars-centered, human-savior lifestyle\n\nalso there are bigger fame magnets on internet, i can be online and still more of a behind the scenes kinda guy. and theres strength in numbers too\n\npeople can be signal or noisy too. oof. have common decency with other people though lol dont be super super judgy, but know that heirarchies exist\n\nthe problem with rich kids is not that theyre rich, its that they dont know what its like to be poor and forced to learn how to swim in the deep end\n\ndo what scarez you: how did it go wrong ask gpt deutsch. its a theory conflict. i gotta releaze my startups asap i need money asap thats the problem\n\nso if "nearly all my 1M = 7 mag" friends have negative attention, be wary of 6 mags, see if 4-5 wont do? minimum effective "fame": dont push my face,\n\nyour twitter following or ig or whatever is a playlist of ideas and vibes, and like w music, use your taste. trust your taste or update. bayes style?\n\nzeroth principles: lets have a peaceful dialogue. if you were a man youd have a different opinion. lets be open minded to new uncomfortable concepts.\n\nnormalized perceived transacted. whats my sexual market elo score, my friendship market elo score, my wealth creation elo score? great fuckin frame no?\n\nthe fact that im almost always laughinng, smiling, embarassed of past work. is that a good thing? i mean am i getting better or is it all just shit lol\n\nclem broke frame for me: hes not popular on instagram, hes actually smart, hes funny, hes super handsome and stylish, hes chill, he codes and is rich lol\n\nmaybe men used to come before women because we needed all the help we could get lol. men have it hard in other ways. i mean im talking from a guy POV. tbd\n\ndo not give girls unearned attention. once you simp or put yourself lower, they dont want you, its a law of human nature*. you dont want what you can have*\n\nif you have a great track record, people will forgive mistakes. just mute the negativity and be sourced, trust truth nott opinion. trust sensors not census\n\nignore problems as much as you can. the ones you cant ignore you know you gotta solve. same with startup ideas, if you can ignore it its not a HUGE problem\n\ni can pick my poison: what is my current poisons? and what poisons await me if i do what i fear? getting wealthy and famous? there is a sweet spot for both?\n\ndont believe in luck or victimmentality even if its true because it hurts your agency. useful not true. listen to this again and email sivers he deserves it.\n\nive learned to read the game. learn from visa. after i can read the game well to get what i want, i focus on the 1-2 things that REALLY fuckin matter, FOR ME\n\npair visible competence moments in life, a picture/screenshot, and a top spotify song, and boom, visible competence which leads to girlfriend friends and sex\n\nmiguel i dont think our presence matters that much. i get hes hurting cause his auntie, i would hurt too if that were me. but we dont even hang out that much.\n\ngrowing up, i learned that what people say and do can be different, also within myself. dont bullshit yourself, and you do bullshit yourself from time to time\n\nthe cool thing about truth is you cant unsee it. you can only break it with greater truth, and it creates cognitive dissonance when you avoid truth youve seen\n\nbad days = low bandwidth low dopamine low flow. then write about the components of each. and under every blog, have some homework. translate truth to directive\n\ni feel successful: i see the light at the end of the tunnel, and im putting 1 foot in front of the other. values -> strategy -> goal state, along a life vector\n\nnow i dont really trust/look into new people unless the topic is relevant or my already trusted sources recommend. ive learned the internet landscape a fair bit\n\ndo not stress too much over any one girl. girls university jobs theyre all permissioned. work on the permissionless first and also it makes the permissioned easier\n\ni like it when people make religion cool or dont die cool. muscles fashion wealth are cool. dont drink alcohol though and get good sleep and have good relationships\n\npreselection. maybe i havent been with a girl but i can be AROUND beautiful women. fame is like being a hot girl to hot girls lol okay then. ill find the sweet spot\n\ndont sell yourself to the girl, shes selling to you thats the mindset. like strauss jessica alba, and she is one of the cutest girls ever, and he slayed that dragon\n\nits like i have a theory and action answer for everything im encountering now. dont get all hubris-filled but this power is amazing. power is neutral, use it for good\n\nim becoming a better 2 way guard player in life. defense first: defend against fame, against burn and debt, etc. protecting the ball in soccer etc. pain is 2x pleasure\n\ntheyre not inherently better than you, theyve just been on this path/playing this game longer than you. but since im sourced i can get up to speed on any game fast YUH\n\nwhen you have fuck you money, fuck you fame, actually fuck a lot. how many times are you actually gonna say fuck you? you can only speculate till you are actually tested.\n\nperfectionism is high standards which is good its high curation but you need high generation and elevation to WIELD such “perfectionism”. generate ideas and generate results\n\nagreeable people try to find common ground(moral commandments in common) to play infinite games across vectors. disagreeable people just stick to their vector. both are good\n\nignore, challenge her, be funny, i dont need her, dig deeper. dont give girls unearned attention. fame and preselection from hot girls = quantity and quality of preselection\n\nthe opposite of depression (reciprocal closing) is flow (reciprocal opening) an increasing of what is joyful in life. its about solving your problems with the right knowledge\n\ni dont like bad interlocutors, people that dont consider the other side and only ridicule, they never really take other sides seriously even for a second. am i guilty of this?\n\nmaybe my next obsession i already have on my radar but its not relevant YET. what makes things relevant? its the right time to engage with it for my goals values and strategies\n\nas long as bad actors outnumber bad in quantity and quality, well be fine. is there an optimal amount of parasites/sociopaths? sometimes tech makes me feel like a sociopath omg.\n\nonly ask questions or cover topics to pod guests if i cant find it already online, its gonna be an internet countermelody. substance and understanding, dont care about audience?\n\nas you change, what your taste is and what you love will change. pareto spike applies. go deep on what you love deeply. what do i love? = what do i want to exist even without me?\n\nthats a great way to put it. a guy gets 80% of the value through their eyes, the girl gets 20% of the value through their eyes / first impressions. dont play that asymmetric game\n\neventually only do whats play to you. wealth creation is for freedom and power (neutral force) and capital allocation to improve quality of life and for less wealth-related stress\n\nlive so YOU like YOU. you cant control or know what others think, but you do know what you like and what you think and the body and mind you control most is your own (stoic-laden)\n\ngoggins was right about this: people dont know who they ACTUALLY are because they havent been tested. you only know at the point of transaction, after the experiment after the test\n\nwrite about taste: use the material you know is good to drive future taste decisions. taste begets taste. your heroes will show you new heroes etc. word of mouth social proof stuff\n\ndumb people reap off what the smart people create. its win and help win. what can dumb people contribute? well ayn rand says that everyone is valuable and can be more agentic, so...\n\nget vinyl and xbox from seb and tell em honestly what i think: i dont like how hes recently been super negative its kind of a turnoff. at the funeral you were cool just being honest\n\nin the new age polygamy is fine.  as long as wealthy and good dad and stay for the crucial child years and peenup and no childsuppoet froom state anymore w na. i dont pay for sex. why?\n\nwork life harmony is a real thing. bezos underrated technologiest or at least hes more of an operator. great memo clarity, regret minimization, jolly attitude, work life harmony framing.\n\ni was so needy because I HAVE FUCKIN NEEDS lol. i didnt understand enough to solve my problems at a good enough pace, its much better now and there are still things i dont know of course lol\n\nread for understanding, not for reading's sake. listen to an album not to finish it, but to find gems from trusted names or people's recommendations (trusted names again, just not the artist)\n\ndan b has tons of quantity but also quality matters. because that means durability and longevity in the gene pool. so quality fuckin matters. better 10 s tier girls than 100 b or c tier girls???\n\nif you build wealth and are a good person powerful and good but you lack appearance and reputation, its like you have backend no frontend: muscles style visible competence reputation precedes you\n\nif you help people with ethical merit wealth creation with knowledge and help, you can buy more good shit and the karma comes back around in positive ways you cant imagine like a butterfly effect\n\ni feel like i figured out life to a large degree that i didnt know before, now its just a matter of time. this feels good. i have a system that will reach my goals and solve my top problems. YUHHH\n\nalso remember that its not about THIS girl in particular, you know in principle there are tons of beautiful good vibe girls in the world, who are compatible, ignore her, let her initiate initiation\n\nyou wake up stressed because theres work to do. stress = untaken action. you understand the problems/games, so now its time to execute. you spent your whole life seeking to understand, uber curious\n\nremember that words alone have limited capability, they dont quite have the power to capture everything you want to convey. remember that words alone have started revolutions. both of these are true\n\ni like fighters like elon lky thiel. balaji and naval are more peaceful but they do have boundaries. more chill, and thats cool too. but the first 3 dont just fight to fight, but they got that in them\n\nhappiness is peace in motion. peace is like all games are in good order, just like a civilization in peace mode, all things are in harmony and order, a walled garden of civ, so too with a single life.\n\nif naval taught me wealth creation, visa taught me friendship creation, and orion taught me sexual creation? whats the problem? understanding action results. who can teach me action and results? elon?\n\ni had a phase where i was so needy for friends and super insecure or easily bothered. now i went from negative senseitivity to positive kind. from extreme hurt to extreme creativity. for sharing later\n\nomg deutschian men try to be less wrong and correct errors. women try to make safe choices in their men, they try to find any way that he is NOT fit. bruno mars short king hero lol and verratti and etc\n\ntoxicity is incompleteness, solved with unifying nuance. goggins is all depth, visa is all breadth, bezos and deutsch solve it: begin with the problem, understand it, act on it = happiness/meaning/flow\n\ntalmage and arjun for example are younger more along a certain vector but thats ok that doesnt mean theyre better than me i am progressed on other valuable vectors and dont have zero sum axiomatic base\n\ndo not destroy means of error CORRECTION. just cause the internet has incorrect information on it doesnt mean we shut down the internet lol. or people can be wrong about things but we dont kill them lol.\n\ntboi makes me FEEL optimistic, but not a feeling but an actual PRINCIPLE. like everyone SHOULD feel optimistic because xyz principles, which we havent broken. its like pervasive infinite definite optimism\n\nonly work on what youre obsessed on. whats cheap to you dopamine wise. the dopamine economy. dopamine allocation time allocation capital allocation labor allocation what else? equity allocation what else?\n\nwomen are emotional and respond to dawgs and fame and power. remember that power is neutral, takes responsibility to be a powerful good person in the 2x2 new age of reconciled paganism X christian paradigms\n\nas i become more sourced, i realize how many bad opinions there are, and the more wrong and unsourced you are the more you are swayed by opinions and the wind, and the more needy and lost. like my past self\n\nambition is expctation and is not a good or bad trait, but paired with intelligence (the capacity to progress along a vector) and integrity (not taking shortcuts in the infinite game) you get a deadly combo\n\nchoose so YOU like YOU. you cant control other people, but you decide in life and you can make choices that make YOU like YOU. you are the critic AND the artist simultaneously, the agent and the conscience. etc\n\none by one, i cut out bad habits, one by one i added good habits. life idk has ever been this good. still lots of work to do but im principally seeing the progress and its fun, its meaningful after years of pain\n\nmen are more fungible, but this can be good or bad thing for the guy, his agency is tested to rise above and be a top tier guy, and have more access to the women gene pool. cause women want what other women want\n\ni get how non-americans think were too nice. its like youre overly nice for how long youre going to interact w us. if its longer term the nicer you gotta be. the shorter term the more honest yet respectful you be\n\nis wealth and fame the duo? i feel like you can be both wealthy and famous in good and bad ways. elon is like a good way* and maybe britney spears is like a bad way? idk. maybe its like long term reputation of it\n\nyouve fucked up you e been embarassed felt guilty and ashamed and lonely and less then like naruto. but we move on we begin w the problem we seek to understand it and we act. stress is untaken action. you got this\n\n"if youre copying these guys, youre not learning from them" learn the principles, get closer to source, then good shit happens because youre in line with transformational truths. youre enlightened lol. more and more\n\nidk if you should invest SO much in any one game where to the point where its your SOLE identity pillar. i think better to have power law games you play, proper unity, proper diversity. math appears again. get sourced\n\nsolving the problem has arrival fallacy baked in kinda. cause your mind doesnt need to focus on whats going well, it only needs to solve whats going wrong. understanding wealth and life/sex/kids are the infinite games?\n\ndeath is a 1 way door, we dont know what we dont know, so lets solve our problems... begin with the problem, understand it, act on it. stress is untaken action. its our body giving us the signal to go: fight flight freeze\n\ngenius > talent. like mf doom optimizes for rhymes and vibe over speed of rap. or verratti on decision making composure shielding/protecting/dribbling and passing / dribbling for the sake of dribbling, its necessity first\n\ndont forget what you saw on singapore ns trip, you saw the internet made manifest. never forget it, let that experience guide your journey online. internet first internet first internet first. forget guam rn. sorry to say.\n\nnobody can satisfy everyone, its impossible. all we can do is trust our taste. a magnet both attracts and repels, take it or leave it. im doing what i think is right, you dont need to watch/read/follow me. do your own thing\n\nwe assume and assign roles. coassigning coevolving i love vervaeke man, what a shield and potion dude. jp is sword and shield. navals got it all. balaji is a shield dude with some sword in em. tf is a shield and potion dude.\n\nflourishing radiant good energy people got the right knowledge or attitude. good vibes permeate from an individual to those around them. and that says something cause bad things take 2x weighting in the mind vs good things 1x\n\nas long as you release creative works that are asymmetric bets ( at least 2x better than the 1x negativity) youll be fine. kanye and jordan peterson and elon and trump are more socially risky with the things they create and share\n\nwrite about "fame" i was so afraid of being online and tf scared me. but i thought about it more and its an intentional choice now to leverage the internet. 1 people irl know your face and reputation and name. its already happening.\n\ncomposure comes from practice and competence (from wins) from experiments and following taste. generate (reps) curate (learn from experiments to find your best shape (agent arena fittedness) and elevate, double down on whats working\n\njust as you forget a thought and if its important and relevant it will return to you, so will the people you unfollow on socials return to you if theyre that good. ignore so much you only get the good, be so good they cant ignore you\n\nevery opportunity is for hurt or trust building. a time at bat, but if you have a new way sourced, slope speaks for itself youre on fire, a streak. ill have composure from ball protection. no top of mind improvements rn. cdm, protect.\n\nwith psychadelics: one and done, its a powerful fuckin tool. remember: power is a neutral force. share your axioms, let people healthily scrutinize because being wrong is a good thing IF you learn the truth buried in the pain and mistake\n\ni like people like shonen protagonists, they can say classicly offensive things with a smile, and because of the vibe, it offsets the substance of what they say. like jerzy gregoreck, because of his inpecable vibe, can call naval fat lol\n\nalso know that fame may come slowly or all at once idk. its not linear, its more like you do 1 pullup a day, but one day out of nowwhere you go from a stick to arnold schwartz, but then you dont wanna be muscle cow you wanna be happy cow\n\njudge a life by how they did with their starting and ending card delta. the difference between how their starting life hand was vs how they ended their life’s cards. or you could argue their peak, like elvis had bad ending cards arguably\n\nwrite about stress is untaken action. riff with the nice. begin with the problem. tell a story about how im default nice but have been burned so i shut down and overcorrected now im more nuanced with my kindness and riffing. i can be funny\n\nwhat i dont get is when you dont agree with another point of view, why shit on it? i mean if its a casual laugh ok, but if you want to be a good interlocutor and be more appealing to help teach and be a better platocaveman, attract with honey\n\nwrite about watching what you let into your salience. its like choosing not to watch the news or watch a horror movie not because you know its not relevant to your life and problems, but mainly because itll affect your salience your perception\n\nwith some status brands, they make it expensive because thats PART of the brand of luxury, like apple or any LV owner companies, but the rising world prides itself on being scrappy and minimal to get the job done. im proud of how LITTLE i spent\n\nmen do short term things out of repressed needs. youd understand if you were a guy we literally have different hormone profiles. just like a guy will never understand a period cramp or pregnancy yall wont when it comes to testosterone unless u take it\n\nomg im such a nerd, months ago when i asked a girl for her number, i was getting cold feet (was the second time id ever approached) and said to myself "if it doesnt break the laws of physics, its possible". might just be autistic lol. is that the meta?\n\nas i spend more parasocial time with my heroes, they are normalized, theyre people too, the pedastals come down, which makes befriending easier, not that id force myself. i wouldnt want that so they wont. i was a big fan, now youre just a guy i admire lol\n\nive trained myself to be good in parasympathetic and sympathetic, explore and exploit. im not fuckin perfect, but im learning and bettering myself. dont be so self obsessed. do things for stuff beyond you, thats the future as a religion. the future itself\n\nmaking mistakes means youre positioned well, it means you are at the frontier of your knowledge, good for flow. be in the optimal state though. like elon says if youre not failing 20% of the time, youre not at your personal frontier, youre going too slow. wow\n\neveryone in life has problems, and therefore goals. if you understand the problem/the system, you can see the light at the end of the tunnel, then its a matter of walking the tunnel, which is a skill in itself. its all games, its all puzzles, its all skills/virtues\n\nflow is such a perfect word for it. flow is found in problem solving, and problems are obstacles in life. a problem is a lack. so when you solve the problem and remove the obstacle, just like in a river when the stone is lifted, the river can flow again. FLOW I SAY!!!\n\ni like using my negative bias in my favor: "the biggest MISTAKE (negative frame) i can make is beating myself up". by framing my own personal mantra in an anti-negative way, it uses the normally destructive perfectionism tendency against itself, or in a productive way.\n\nwhat i dont get is people shitting/dunking on people they dont agree with, that will just reinforce their stance. idk if their goal is to convince the "other side" or not but starting from a place of commonality works much better than being like "your idea is stupid haha" lol\n\nevery value bundle/culture is a mosaic of values, take em piecemeal. intelligent people are sensitive and nuanced, we dig. am i sabatoging growth mindset? to get good at anything, do 100 of it, experiment breadth then repeat in depth double down on the timeless things you find\n\nso balaji really could have eight kiss. i thinj thats good as long as hes a good father esp during ceucial years. men want sex lots and good. women want resources and baby commitment. both serve the betterment of humanity. women bring beuaty. guys being competence wealth knwoledge\n\nits either coffee or stress that keeps me awake. i go to bed early wear blue blockers do onsen. its friendship wealth stress, and then i can live somewhere else so i can be independent, helps to be w out mama and helps to be independent for smv. and then fame preselection is good too\n\nmaking money is not about luck, make definitely optimistic actions where luck just doesnt become a factor. its about knowns and unknowns, positive and negative outcomes. but eventually you know all about the domain, where luck defined as positive from unknown becomes INCREASINGLY rare\n\nas long as youre explanationed and diligent you dont gotta worry. spread out the stress till its tolerable long term, and play the long game. dont worry youll find your people because youll converge on truth wealth life, and selfselect, swimming through the mud of life to find one another\n\nuse profiles+ or whatever to unfollow more people that dont follow me back? nah i have a positive ratio thats the recent milestone that matters its good enough. break things up into milestones, 1 step in front of the other. profitable diligence is awesome. optimal challenge and shit is flowy yo\n\ni dont trust clubbing and alcohol if its not with high signal for sexual opportunity, and even that thats not my vector. i have a set direction for my life. dont let people stop me. artists are bold convinced principled and lead, they dont ask for permission. they go to the permissionless leveraged frontier\n\nim practicing but i kinda got rid of my perfectionism mental block. i begin with the problem, i go on the internet and understand it, once i see the light at the end of the tunnel, i can just act (substance not time), and theres no speed limit, so i can go as fast as i want along that vector to my goal state\n\nif you dont know what to build, learn learn learn. follow your taste, specify what you want out of life, be very careful with your desires. its a contract with yourself to be unhappy until you achieve it, if ever. delete lesser desires, make room for the hell yeahs of life to get heaven. hell yeahs till heaven\n\nyou get better by putting in reps, by doing 100 of something. do 1 then 2 then 4 then 8 then 16 then 32, up and up. and you can stop at any point of the ^2 stages. remember that you have to enjoy the game as well as win certain games based on your biggest problems: wealth creation, friendship creation, sex creation\n\nwrite about being needy before, i didnt like seeing myself being like that. i did this online, with girls, with job interviews, with dms and requests for help, with friends and music scene. now i have more dignity, higher standards. and i just kinda work on myself now lol. when the student is ready the master appears\n\nlife is full of pain and mistakes and regret, but you cant let em get you down, dont dwell, learn why you were wrong, why youre mental explanatory scaffolding was a wrong model of the world, backprop ONLY whats needed, then put 1 foot in front of other, experiment in breadth and depth. ideological vector experimentation\n\nfame is like a double edged sword AFTER a certain threshold and depending on the vibe you put out and tribe you attract. its awesomely just a sword until you hit that threshold (insert waitbutwhy kinds of illustrations. maybe use ai, stock photos, and the digital pen thing i have in bedroom drawer (great long term purchase)\n\ni can have a -5 day for 6 days, then the 7th day +300. this is fine, have a weekly view not a daily view, or adjust your aperture to serve you and your framing and motivation. is it about the hour? the day? the week? the month? the year? the decade? the life? the centuries? the lives? the millenia? the species? life itself? on and on...\n\ndespair and depression is when you cant see the light at the end of your tunnels, but its always there, and the puzzle never ends, but what you can do is position yourself better in life. status among others no, status among your past and future selves. salient problems, understanding, action. happiness is found in motion, meaning, flow.\n\nas long as i sleep no alarm its sorta a 100% i think im stress from wealth and sex so thats why i wake up. but also corcadian. yeah things need to change the inaction cost is too high. 1 foot in front of the other you are armed with understanding and explanations for these 2 markets now it takes 8020 action. you are an artist trust your taste\n\nits insane how truth seekers converge on truths no matter where they start out in in life. like sivers is sourced, visa is sourced, lky is sourced, naval is sourced etc etc. omg. make a personal site hero page leaderboard, my starting 5 with a profile pic, strengths and weaknesses, nobody is perfect, but i like these people for certain dimensions of them.\n\nelon was right, some people have a deeply axiomatic view of the world in their mental scaffolding of explanations, that the economy is zero sum, which just isnt true. ideas ARE useful but execution is the real barrier. if its an idea thats easily replicable, then even if you share it, and do it, it can be copied easily. think about the superorganism, the greater good*\n\nwhat i dont get about arjun and brett hall is that they shit on ideas they dont agree with, and theyre right about their stance, but thats not the way you get someone to be open to your better idea. better to begin with commonality, and bring the lower platocavemen to your position step by step. be a good teacher be a good student, this is what it means to be a good interlocutor\n\ntheory of sexual marketplace: for guys: be well along your own vector, a throughline vector, and ignore girls, let them initiate initiation. it takes time for them to trust you. be a charming beast (power) they wanna stabalize that power. increase t decrease c. trio health directives. brocollinand more to reduce microplastics. get measured with nucleus and future blood work snapshots\n\nwhat scares me rn?: releasing hower presales page ig post. all the post 1 dollar stuff. talking to mama about network school could be great. make sure to list more stuff that scares me, scrutinize so im more careful of a future prostitution event or something. i gained understanding of truths and compressed directives. so it actually upgraded me but i traded lots of pain for it oof. **\n\ni dont want followers i want friends. dm me. in the future i think if everyone dms you, i can block who i dont like dming with and the people that dont dm me in a given time period, and they cant even see my content. you get 1 ultimate chance. ladder of deescalation with a mute then a block. crypto world i see this happening. sivers got this right, and he has locations on everyone so he meets fans wherever he goes\n\nsexual opportunity is another game, like soccer. and how i say "central + protect the ball" thats the 8020 action, the 1-2 things that really fuckin matter. same with preselection/fame, sorta the same thing. well fame is quantity, but preselection with hot girls is quality. id rather have 1 hot girl preselecting me than 1000 dudes online who are fame lol. quality > quantity. or quality THEN quantity. nail it before you scale it\n\ni feel like once you become "successful" one of the main new goals is to not get disconnected from reality, you gotta keep a tight feedback loop with nature and markets, you cant get out of touch. what does successful mean? i think it depends on what the person wants? was hitler "successful" to him maybe. were his values and goals good values? no. so maybe he more objectively wasnt successful then. good values good goals good strategies.\n\nive got the opennes but also the conscientiousness to balance it. and a well functioning neuroticism. afraid of the right things but with childlike wonder. can be extrovert extrovert, can be stubborn but also agreeable. i got a high iq i think. im a generalist that can connect dots and make dots, more of a connector id say but with resonance i make new dots. there are thoughts and actions i can do that no other human has done, thats so fuckin exciting\n\nim a pretty paranoid or more like a i like to think of everything kind of guy, and im pleasently surprised that now that ive armed myself with explanatory knowledge, im bigger than my current problems right now, im like IS THIS REAL LIFE? ive been through years of self torture, pain, not knowing what to do, self sabatoging behaviors, rage, debt, stress, cortisol, shame, isolation. but now life seems to be turning around, it feels too good to be true. wow.\n\ngirls show off their beauty. thats what they have igs. mens weapon is visible competence and showing an attractive lifestyle of wealth and good times i guess idk. why should she be with you? what do you have to offer in the sexual exonomy. the economy of genes. the good thing is you can change in an economy and its positive sum. even a transaction is positive. a buyer thinks its worth more than the cash, the seller thinks the cash is worth more than the thing etc.\n\nsetup my life so girls i find attractive are just around all the time and be like the guys who are with the girls i find attractive. but its not just about body well for sex yeah but not kids. maybe lets not settle down just now im fuckin twenty two lets explore. would you rather have sex once a year for every year from 16-30 or wait till youre 23 and 5x per year from 23-30? so 14 vs 35. well rn id choose 23 5x. so follow alex grace boxes. will they hunt me or sommething? idk\n\nself sabatoging short term behavior is because theres a dim why, and you dont see a way out so positive patience doesnt come into play idk. i mean i had a lot of reasons for my drastic experiment. the takeaway from that: errors are permissible but you must error correct, that is the most important thing now. i can never go back. maybe in time i can go back, but not now. at ns sometimes i wonder if there are time travellers visiting me lol because its such an important time in history i think.\n\nSelf-Awareness: Users gain insight into their own beliefs and where they stand relative to others. Community Discovery: Finding like-minded individuals or accounts could foster new connections or communities around shared ideologies. Diverse Exposure: While primarily showing alignment, the system could also encourage exploration by highlighting nearby but different perspectives, potentially broadening users' horizons. Debate and Discussion: By mapping ideological positions, discussions could become more structured and focused, as users know the ideological context of their conversation partners.\n\n