remake and make live: audioboogie\n\ndo ns theme from playlistmachinery\n\nupgrade and make public: audioboogie\n\nlisten to more c418 and jake chudnow\n\nchapter1 visual pdf and audible BOTH\n\ndoes this song hit the core of being?\n\nai sound effects and wav loops for beats\n\nlisten to albums again from my fav songs\n\nvocal chops and harmonies and walls are OP\n\npodcasts compound with the quality of guest\n\nput a vocal effect for eden and girl bossa?\n\n100 original cover songs. soundcloud spotify\n\ncover songs. original songs. just like beatles\n\nhave a better recording conversation background\n\n@AphexTwin is what heaven and hell sounds like.\n\nparse voice notes and old and new ableton files\n\ncall american music or something for a shure sm57\n\nto find more great songs, find great music curators\n\nacoustic songs first, get it to its raw bookish form\n\nspotify dj needs a "not interested" feedback feature\n\nupload the ferdi mig and don long audios to descript\n\ncrank out ableton mcp vibecheck vector embedding shit?\n\nMinimalist spotify audio rambles on website and spotify\n\nactually listen to the bible find on audible or make it\n\ndo that cover and og album. minimal audible. instrumentals.\n\nevery music note is resonant and dissonant with other notes\n\nupgrade audioboogie and sell other repos like this hidden gems\n\npost my soundcloud songs on IG. when it reaches 10, do a carousel?\n\nuse atp ai to do audio for my online essays, link to audioboogie. sell it\n\npost acoustic guitar reels. electric guitar videos. soft songs. hard beats\n\nupload mig ferdi don podcast clips. tell them before releasing. voice memos\n\nA music room. Super good audio, matching visuals... Creates a social space.\n\nuse the shitty strat, the audio interface, bangin digital drums. be prolific\n\ndo i speed up and pitch up girl bossa? i want vocals to be and feel comfortable\n\nupload mig pt 2 uncle ferdi audio. solo clips in car. and post first video ones\n\nnothing makes you want to practice articulation quite like an audio transcription.\n\nfix the jbl and beyerdynamics and audio monitor. music gear are tools for the soul.\n\nso weird how certain music only hits when youre in diff moods. really is frequencies.. no?\n\nget every authors voice to read their book. audioboogie platform. generate once stream to all\n\ncheap electric guitar setups w drum setups. band room like a campus. a sound studio super easy to be loud without disturbing people\n\nairchat is like 2 guests to N guests lol. make it conversational. twitter is plaintext, airchat is spoken word, the most natural for humans\n\ni know i am a good philosopher, that i think im top 1% on. i can ask good questions, which is why i gotta make a podcast!!! audio only like dan carlin\n\nfor my audio only elegant podcast for friends connections and permissionless leverage of personal brand, have a clear theme of thumbnail, headline (user-considerate)\n\nrun every blog post through the reading comprehension thing. make an airchat style app where you insert text and it will read it for you. audio and visual. audible and kindle in one. yes...\n\nget back the seraphim cherubim song from voice notes and then rerecord just like girl bossa with good ai reel. audio video. a full song w full ai assisted lyrics on Feb 7, 2025 at 9:30 AM - 10:00 AM\n\nstill acoustically record all my soundcloud and aboeton and voice memo songs, flesh em out in essence. get reps in. transformations not time, then post the recoridings in carousel to soundcloud ig spotify?\n\npodcasts are still useful / interviewing, because humans are the best search engines, they can pull things up relevantly in a way that is different than llms? humans have their own personalities, llms are diff\n\nstrip the vocals from the girl bossa audio, rerecord vocals with my phone. make sure im satisfied with the short audio and the short video loop. rerecord the bare bones at home? on Feb 9, 2025 at 2:00 PM - 2:30 PM\n\nmake an airchat link, put on my personal site and its like a personal discord/podcast that i can clip a thread and post on youtube etc. like emergent people. i can also delete people? people visit in and out cause 19 people limit\n\ni wanna make the aduioboogie digital bookshelf with airchat style reading comprehension, tiny solid features. ns and anthology balaji arent on audible. i can code faster than amazon theyre slow. also i gotta listen to fabric of reality\n\nmore acoustic voice recordings and flesh out splice stacks. post the best of the soundcloud songs w the pics to match. the lab will be soundcloud and ig, the best ones ill flesh out and put on spotify the usa is genetically 350 million, but memetically 700 million. china is genetically 1.1 billion, but memetically 550 million.\n\nman derek, can you upload your songs to spotify? "RADIO AND TV SHOWS TAUGHT HER EVERYTHING SHE KNOWS..." what a bop I wish I could add 'em to playlists. i also miss your old spotify audio essays, those were great, like the "travel without a phone" one, etc. they would always break frames in the best way, bring a smile to the face, and\n\nstart an audio only minimal podcast with gems. expeirment and curate and generate curate elevate. befriend peopple like beer biceps, maybe video chat but only audio publish like tetragramaton. build perosnal brand trust for both of us. when you got time on your hands, make a crm tool or something. we both have edit priveleges. we can both decide to take it down and we have final cut but we just try and have a cinvo. private to public\n\nbuy one? https://www.amazon.com/Shure-SM57-LC-Cardioid-Dynamic-Microphone/dp/B0000AQRST?crid=17G7QAMSBOSTC&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.3agwccgTXrqtYwgezHGynAHOBg01TVa_wjPEN2wA2sOEz7R8irUqQz5NGs6BTLUMas2uV66sBjQ1yNG5tSQzuXsVI-u5jN2k55IQKxciMf0cZO0R0KGXvWurtYjQlaRIXv2rqi-t-W6RWu-nQeltKCsy0gwAQZx-LmjsJXBnELOvHdydyG_TzH7EuvasV__YIa6dSymFxn0Ue63BnEuAWDk5s3yDxW7GazKyspq1gZG3Axwg8RlIR3e96JDbdCp9_R89fbk-2x_uwoUbAlF2ZAnvVKXckRX-3gmVHoinnnq_bPaO2gmGQvAXHbjOy1LkhA20ovN957UfFMxlmbwwNzOBzCHGkZbfwhQU6yErgj0LYscORxzmDc8LpTHeb0K6qbxYM5g81DW8xaNjNsqf3LOYZ3fMMB7xlIoEoX9hPzGHO9elwjaYGQ0fl21NoRSA.EQ1nnBcOD0FvnHRuvVF5c-bZah_gUycUiOpDyp4M4QI&dib_tag=se&keywords=sm%2B57&qid=1739686190&sprefix=sm%2B57%2Caps%2C498&sr=8-1&th=1\n\n