competition is for losers + escape competition through authenticity + polarize along authentic vectors\n\nescape competition through authenticity, compete at not competing, be high authenticity, high quality.\n\nBE your highest authenticity highest quality, be a wealth creator a friends creator a sex creator. how?\n\nthe more accurate the vibes you send out, the more accurate the tribe you cultivate, like a germ culture\n\nas long as creation is as high quality and as high authenticity as it can be, what more can you ask for?\n\nif you can commit to being yourself you can be extremeley low supply, one of a kind in the intersections\n\nusually what youre known for is where youre genuine: weaknesses and strengths. socrates said know thyself\n\ngain fame, i think its a mistake to be invisible as a man. be as high qualitty and authentic as you can be.\n\nmay not admire cody and don's creative endeavors, but i know we can improve each other by lifting together.\n\nyou have a presence, no matter what you do. you can choose to mainyain authenticity and scale it up dial it up\n\ndont be delusionally confident or happy. be actually. unfakeable shit.its not sustainable to keep up falsities\n\nlook to your heroes heroes. + the people you admire are higher along your authentic vectors + the vector thread\n\nbeen journaling a ton. reflecting on what's happened, and is happening in life, and what may or may not happen.\n\nmaybe i can only authentically persuade and articulate if i myself use it. like idk if id actually use ai chyoa.\n\nread an author not a book. listen to an artist not a song, its all just people. learn from the founder at source\n\ncontextual alpha, preselection, fame. men's value are not mainly at surface level, for girls it is, but not men.\n\ngotta blog to let people peek into my mind and thought process, and show results from first principles. trust taste\n\nstart a casual podcast, point to my blog, these are the topics im gonna talk about in the future, just be authentic\n\ncompete at not competing. be you as much as you can. lots of people suck at being themselves lol. + true nature post\n\nmore original and cover songs. high authenticity high quality, on instagram reels, soundcloud, spotify, thatll work.\n\nas long as art is as high quality and high authenticity as you can make it, in that moment, what more can you ask for?\n\nif you dont listen to your own songs, use your own products, what are you doing. make the thing, for you, the audience.\n\nbe the best at what you do, and before you find the minima, be flexible. both search and recognize who you are. inventio\n\nlistening to splice stacks is like being an investor. using taste, high authenticity high quality, to find the gem seeds\n\npost reels and stuff based on real visible competence and preselection. things that are authentic virtuous strong good etc\n\nchoose dont chase, just solve problems. position and create yourself through virtue into someone high quality and authentic\n\nput a credibility dump on adampang? pics of cool shit and proof of competence? like sales and hs tetris etc? check x.com bio\n\ni guess its just practice. for the virtues / skills of courage, articulation, vulnerability, writing, storytelling, clarity.\n\ngo out into society to gain input, but get out of society to digest all that input and create your authentic and quality output\n\ndo more duo clips along w the solo clips. post more for more followers. more fame, more girls. be high authenticity high quality\n\nyour authentic vibe attracts your authentic tribe. no matter what you do youll polarize. no matter what you you signal dometjing\n\nlive according to your nature. thread with polarize along authentic vectors. say that also you may not know your true nature lol\n\nif you are open to yourself, people will be open to you. we are just one superorganism anyway on Jan 27, 2025 at 1:00 PM - 1:30 PM\n\nmaybe i can share the fame theres strength in numbers. like w the band w miguel module or something else. make it fait for rotalties\n\n13:17 Slayback critiques the reliance on traditional credentials, advocating for personal branding and showcasing real achievements.\n\ni dont like being taken care of. i want to take care of people, i want to be a man. im a young man, unproven, with lots of potential\n\ndoing only what you want is being authentic and will guide you to whats play to you, work for others, or just a fun thing. youll know\n\nmake it so you are not fungible, you cant just be replaced. you do this by self actualizing and being authentic. super super authentic\n\nthe people you admire are further along your authentic vectors + every person is a mosaic of vectors + polarize along authentic vectors\n\nbe decisive about what i release. polished compressed intentional. where the lack of public creativity hurts more than making it public\n\nif im gonna be the crazy guy, find the followers, also be the first follower of people showing themselves high quality high authenticity\n\nrizz up guys with caliber girlfriends like colin. be so good they cant ignore you. be awesome to be awed AT. be worthy. we earn w virtue\n\noh since ideas replicate and defend just like genes, i should make a copy/clipboard/share button at bottom of blog posts just like sivers\n\nmen should level up, gain xp. women look for highest available xp men, and use that xp to invest in more life. we act according to our nature\n\nhumans are generally capable of same thoughts action results, but you can be farther along a path, more genuine to self, closer to source, etc\n\ngoing back to burns is reversible, what if its a mistake??? can do self burn with sports too. if i want to. be rare via authentic combinatorics\n\nsometimes just existing takes courage. the courage to be. people sometimes dont want to accept who they are in the moment. right here right now\n\ncome on have courage im only dialing up what already exists: people knowing i exist, my name my face sorta. and i dont even have to push my face\n\nfollow my own interest what i think is right. check for alignement first and just be clear in communication / what i think. be good to work with\n\nfollow my own interest what i think is right. check for alignement first and just be clear in communication / what i think. be good to work with\n\nyou need a book to be a thought leader. its like a crystallized mental twin of the author. the great authors have multiple great crystals to create\n\nim supposed to be a fullstack influencer too? yeah that makes sense, im practicing. i dont wanna feel like a poser. be high authenticity high quality.\n\ni can talk about how ive met people from stanford / ivy, and i knew i wasnt that different from them, so i knew i had the potential to do great things.\n\nbe authentic AND know what the best problems are. founder, product, market fit. the market is the people who have that problem, the product is the solution\n\nwrite about the problems ive solved, like porn, and the problems im still trying to solve. be authentic real vulnerable honest, this is a superpower i feel\n\nwhat you do in private is more authentic than what you do in public. benjamin franklin used a pseudonym to speak more freely. you could call that cowardice, or..\n\nuse gummysearch, but go to the smallest most relevant subreddit and tell a genuine high quality high authenticity story, and ask for feedback. problem solution etc.\n\nmake the art truly for yourself. high authenticity high quality, and share it. its the best thing you can do for the audience. the audience comes, but they come last\n\nRedemption through Suffering: The narrative suggests that acknowledging one’s sins and seeking forgiveness can lead to moral regeneration and reconnection with society.\n\ni live mostly online and offline is kind of a misaligned tax sadly. but that will change when i empower myself and go from url to irl, heaven and earth aligned like eden\n\nbe authentic, were in the attention economy (mrbeast) but then its gonna be the authenticity economy, building trust online, vice signalling? from a position of strength???\n\nam i just following the crowd? + mimesis is cheap. even though its a rare crowd, its still a crowd. am i recommending tboi because i actually love it or because im "supposed to"\n\nonly ask questions or cover topics to pod guests if i cant find it already online, its gonna be an internet countermelody. substance and understanding, dont care about audience?\n\ni need to create and find other s tier people. i need to search and search the internet, and create and broadcast high authenticity high quality on Feb 8, 2025 at 6:00 PM - 6:30 PM\n\nwhat is your personal philosophy of posting? what do you share? why? who are you expecting is reading it? do YOU like it first and foremost? maybe thats the way. whats your best guess?\n\nyou sont have to listen to me. im just living so i like me. expressing myself authentically and courageously, and seeing who resonates. full mosaic of vectors on Feb 7, 2025 at 8:00 AM - 8:30 AM\n\npolarize along authentic vectors. how to prune your "audience" and see who's truly aligned. that was a paradigm shifting discovery for me, learning that not everyone will be aligned, and thats okay.\n\nwhat if i did a podcast? escape competition through authenticity. its like fishing.. its visibly competent, its media leverage which helps wealth creation. point code media labor capital at each other\n\nthe only thing you can know at first is if you the artist, likes the art, if the audience likes it after release, that is not in your control, what is in your control is authenticity and quality to you\n\ni dont like feeling like only talking positively about ns, its not all positive, im still confused about it. if you are only nice and postiive about it, thats not real, its not true, its not authentic.\n\nif I REALLY like the creation and its authentic to me, and SOME people dont like it, then they werent the resonant audience, and thats okay. polarize along authentic vectors on Feb 6, 2025 at 3:00 PM - 3:30 PM\n\n1,1,just solve problems is also authenticity laden. everyone has a diff problem set, get to know your problem set, solve em, win and help win. fix it yourself then help others to. recipe for life. just solve problems\n\ncombinatoric spaces are good for rarity. i can be combinatorically rare online by being true to me and my taste, authentic and honest. there is safety in numbers as long as the coallition the tribe defends its individuals **\n\ni like it when david senra re reviews a book, i like that. like revisit a tweet, a concept. put your mind online but only the timeless and public-compliant. hard boundaries for whats private and public, irl and url, same thing\n\nshow a pic of the child within the adult, its the sensitive vulnerable core. this is what the bible talked about, the hearts of men becoming hard, hallow. never allow that. have both wall and garden, both masculine and feminine.\n\nhigh authenticity high quality: cross the sea of imperfection as you approach the platonic ideal. what if ai can scan ig and x, and after certain creation thresholds like magnitudes, helps me curate. my code and media bodies of work.\n\nyou are ALREADY famous, to your family and friends. you are ALREADY making content, just by existing (IG), people can see you. just by talking (X/spotify/youtube), youre "making content". just be you (authentic, but also be high quality)\n\nyou think if aphex twin was trying to make music that other people would like, that hed make such great ass art? bro do your own thing. highest of authenticity and quality, just have days that are as high authenticity and quality as you can\n\nyou think if aphex twin was trying to make music that other people would like, that hed make such great ass art? bro do your own thing. highest of authenticity and quality, just have days that are as high authenticity and quality as you can\n\nlearn to build learn to sell, if you can do both, unstoppable. im selling my potential first, i gotta find things worth building, that i actually believe in the value of so i have authenticity when selling it, cause life is good and i want money for bills for life\n\nwould be cool to automate humanoid and dog and meta glasses to be vloggers FOR me. i just wanna live high authenticity high quality, it records a bunch like casey neistat, and edits, and i say yes to the best.. like descript but drones cars noids and dogs record.. glasses\n\nwhat looks like work to others but feels like play to you? thats why you should do what you want, because that auto-means youre doing things authentic to you, the more authentic, the more low supply. and as long as you solve problems AND be authentic, you become high demand too!\n\nif i do the campus project, i can get a job.. this is income while at ns. if i can last 4 years and read the book. i can solve debt. if im visibly competent, i can get a girl. if im preselected by female friends too. if i am high authenticity high quality. if i love i may receive love\n\nthe good thing about being authentic and doing what you do that feels like play but looks like work to others is that youre paying a cheap price while others would have a higher cost, for the same action/thing. life is about trades, and the way to win at life is positive sum trades, good trades.\n\nwith every event, we can use a tool that i make, and that can be an authentic sell. if it actually solves your problem. dont buy it if you get good sleep. dont buy this if you are highly productive. dont buy this if xyz (disclaiming people is more useful to me, making it lesser stakes.) 1 time purchase etc.\n\nwrite about to and from religion. and now i actually get, i get the dao the logos, God. i speak religiously now AUTHENTICALLY. science and religion is NOT a  false dichitomy. i repeat! God put me here on this planet, imma do whats best to serve his/her truth goodness beauty. i wish english had a gender-agnostic word. like make a long substack essay and keep on my personal site. my digital room, will see in metaverse.. on Apr 21, 2025 at 5:30 AM - 6:00 AM\n\ntalking with religious language is like talking musically. some notes sound better than others, even though you cant adequately describe in words. once you have a taste of the transcendent you cant go back. the magic. youll go through a personal hell to get back to your personal heaven. see! christianity is my memetic hardwiring. its the cultural language that im used to. its just like english is my linguistic hardwiring. know thyself, dont deny it, work with it! know your genes, your memes, your predispositions (big 5)\n\njosh waitzskin has online presence but does not push himself, fame is like a fire, pushing content is adding gasoline, or you can kinda keep the fire at a certain size, and let entropy do its thing. you can remove what you can. be deliberate and private mostly etc. think about what to share what not to. be very decisive with online presnece. i wanna tweet timeless bangers and funny insights, i want timeless podcast riffing. why do we share creations with others? its a lie to say we do it for ourselves. we can be honest with ourselves but that doesn't mean we TRUST ourselves. trust is only earned with opportunities to do bad but you vote for a good identity. back to identity action results trifecta\n\ni dont want to compete. im a peacekeeper apparently. i dont entirely trust these tests, but “know thyself” seems good. so.. “escape competition through authentict.” okay.. but how do you be more ajthentic? maybe its about listening to your inner compass, your conscience, whatever you wanna call it. its like when youre listening to music. also authenticity can come out more when you dont have external influences. so solitude and pseudonymity / anonymity can help here for artistic integrity / purity if you will. i do care about what others think, idk why exactly. maybe its because were social creatures. but i dont want to play the social game. i get caught up in it. its hard to escape the riptide of mimesis. how do you solve this? maybe through solitude. being alone, in a good way. oversocialization is just as dangerous as undersocialization. its like that pg essay: cities influence your thinking whether you like it or not. maybe thats why derek sivers being an internet hermit works for him. look to who you admire, who are your heroes and why? maybe it will change. maybe when youre young you admire someone, then when youre older you lose interest and like other people, it reminds me of music again.\n\nwomen need men’s sword and shield (provide and protect)\n\nexpression through music or business. a genuine expression\n\ndont tweet from my own name? david senra is terrified of fame\n\nsubstance not time, exemplar is kid jesus in the temple, or lamine yamal\n\nim starting to see more and more whos prescient and closest to source lol\n\n"Let him who is without sin among you be the first to throw a stone at her."\n\nif you do something well, let the world know about it: indiehacking philosophy\n\ncreate wealth first and get girlfriend. atomic family unit, is the cell of civ\n\nmaybe the downsides of fame in the name of something bigger and more meaningful\n\nu should be willingg not wanting to be hated by your heroes, this is authenticity\n\njust be authentic, be your full mosaic of self, this is more and more authentic etc\n\neven biblical names are signals with value prompts. implicit directives/suggestions\n\n1 you are ALREADY on people's radar. people ALREADY know your face and real name. period.\n\nthe merit of podcasts is showcasing gems THAT DONT PUBLISH THEMSELVES. this requires taste\n\nim a child of my heroes in a way. then im a peer of my heroes. depends on age sometimes too\n\nuse a historial monikor pen name pseudonym. from ancient myths. find niche one thats relevant\n\nmy heroes resonate w me personally even if there are other objective exemplars along a vector\n\nbad contexts can sometimes make the worst out of people. we all have evil and good within us no?\n\nyou can tell who someone's heroes are based on their vocab, sometimes tone (see rabois and delian)\n\nusually what youre known for is where youre genuine: weaknesses and strengths. socrates said know thyself\n\ngotta blog to let people peek into my mind and thought process, and show results from first principles. trust taste\n\nnobody wants to be the tall poppy, force a pseudonym for shy insightful people? just make a pseudonym for me and start posting.\n\ninteresting to note that lky didnt do media himself, also a diff time, but he was so fuckin important people were putting HIM on media\n\nhumans are generally capable of same thoughts action results, but you can be farther along a path, more genuine to self, closer to source, etc\n\nmaybe people cling to religious values if they cant independently engage with values, maybe thats a roskalnikov move maybe not. i can see both sides. i feel free in nuance\n\nbe authentic, were in the attention economy (mrbeast) but then its gonna be the authenticity economy, building trust online, vice signalling? from a position of strength???\n\nshould i put my face online? i mean my heroes deal with it, and people irl ALREADY know my face and name, having an online presence, in principle, is dialing that radar up. thats a great fuckin framing of it\n\ncombinatoric spaces are good for rarity. i can be combinatorically rare online by being true to me and my taste, authentic and honest. there is safety in numbers as long as the coallition the tribe defends its individuals **\n\ndo the bullet point autobio with little modals in the md when i want to go deeper on something, like philosophy and dead philosophopers society. make it so those words are highlighted and clickable for more context, over and over so the page is much more 3d\n\nvisa doesnt make things obscure, but he wont dumb down his language? but naval makes his thoughts simple. why? naval says he writing for himself, but why does he write in public? is it for permissionless media leverage? he doesnt need more wealth thats for sure. to help others? but hes quite selfish, not in a bad way. idk why. more like a ayn randian selfish. words have diff flavors\n\non autobio, showing agency, i used to have survival phase and i used to jailbreak everyones phones, show slideshow of that app. every blog post is a living doc. get rid of resources and transformations? idk maybe diff title. timestamp last changed? just like now page. make that an app? or just find an easy script way. maybe save the date, then the app will auto-calculate page last updated x days ago\n\ndo a blog post about people who are close to source (a sign is that their creativity is consistently good, they are principaled they have deep understanding on some deep level in thought or action): balaji, naval, messi, elon, charli xcx, kanye, milei. they do seemingly weird things sometimes because theyre so principled and the overton window. it says more about the crowd's lack of knowledge (the "weirdness" of their actions, the radicalness)\n\nim not fundamentalist but i dont think i dont believe exactly: heres a though experiment sorta: why dont i just crush all the Christian statues and burn the bible and poo in a church? because thats disrespectful and it means something to me. im scared of disrespecting it. would i do it in secret? no that just seems wrong? why do i have an inner moral compass even when it contradicts modern science of whatever about whats real? maybe because values are outside of science in a way, and christinaity brought a large part of humanity to where it is today so to disrespect it and throw the baby out with bath water, even symbolically is out of the question. i like that\n\njosh waitzskin has online presence but does not push himself, fame is like a fire, pushing content is adding gasoline, or you can kinda keep the fire at a certain size, and let entropy do its thing. you can remove what you can. be deliberate and private mostly etc. think about what to share what not to. be very decisive with online presnece. i wanna tweet timeless bangers and funny insights, i want timeless podcast riffing. why do we share creations with others? its a lie to say we do it for ourselves. we can be honest with ourselves but that doesn't mean we TRUST ourselves. trust is only earned with opportunities to do bad but you vote for a good identity. back to identity action results trifecta\n\n