clean truck cars and make em fuckable lol. diagnose and measurement of what the truck needs for maintenance.\n\nsince america is good at the zero to one stuff, if we can manufacture the roadster here, then do it well also for the rest of the cars\n\nfind a way to cheaply make truck spend less gas on ac. like doors make sure airtight, partial shades above windowshield? shades on each doorwindow?\n\nmake x bots ig bots automating the best of old wisdom, automating their quotes from json and cron jobs and maybe bannerbear or replicate styling. check automated bots\n\nis there a way to have a flying car or something? hyperloop? like a plane. i mean evtols can work, thats fuckin awesome. archer. but silent. like drone tech that can carry people, super energy efficient\n\ntint car check pricing for all 6 windows. eastislandtinting\n\nget truck windos tinted or get better 6 window semishades temu\n\ncars are engineering miracles. takes trying ti create to realizr\n\nair out truck and take off covers? find how then clean em soap em?\n\nget a spotify car thing and phone holder at eye level like from mirror\n\nput in cal to move the trucks according to the johhny aguon yard schedule\n\ni want auto filters for spotify into decades auto image conversion in WALL\n\nput extra clothes in truck after i clean it, air out, dust it, etc. super clean it\n\npaint truck and get rid of top rungs. do a car checkup diagnostic so it dont break. fix cheap ask for nana help\n\nfoldable windshield cover car temu? full coverage? nah doesnt matter much idk its heat yeah i should get and gas too\n\nfind a way to cheaply make truck spend less gas on ac. like doors make sure airtight, partial shades above windowshield? shades on each doorwindow?\n\nclean truck air out get rid of the cushion lining, make it smell nice and feel clean. paint it, get checkup diagnostic, get the top thing off and painted\n\nwhats a cheap way to have gas in truck? from first principles? increase supply somehow, terraform industries. is that the best or gengalactic idk. hows china doing on that?\n\nis there a way to have a flying car or something? hyperloop? like a plane. i mean evtols can work, thats fuckin awesome. archer. but silent. like drone tech that can carry people, super energy efficient\n\n