have my own online logo for personal brand.\n\nhave my own online logo for personal brand.\n\ndo not be the best, be the only. maybe guam can be a venn circle on this...\n\nhave people know your name, not your face\n\nfilter the audience\n\nmedia is for leverage but also to let like minded people find me instead of just me finding MEs\n\nnew cool logo, do the anchor? yeah. anchor marianas anchor\n\nreach out to twitter ig linkedin txitter\n\n13:17 Slayback critiques the reliance on traditional credentials, advocating for personal branding and showcasing real achievements.\n\ngain fame, i think its a mistake to be invisible as a man. be as high qualitty and authentic as you can be.\n\nyour online presence wuantity quality is proportional to your input quantity quality. extremely balance these\n\nyou have a presence, no matter what you do. you can choose to mainyain authenticity and scale it up dial it up\n\nmixing pov content. show visible competence and preselection. it vets you and shows youre nice to play life with\n\ngain an online presence, and then when i have the cash to travel, the online presence turns into a global presence\n\npost reels and stuff based on real visible competence and preselection. things that are authentic virtuous strong good etc\n\nyour authentic vibe attracts your authentic tribe. no matter what you do youll polarize. no matter what you you signal dometjing\n\nwin people over with virtue. body of work: code and media on Feb 1, 2025 at 5:30 PM - 6:00 PM\n\nig online presence, irl presence somewhere but where, and whatsapp presence\n\nstand out ON PURPOSE\n\ncreate curate elevate\n\nbuild visible competence on ig\n\nyour reputation should precede you\n\nmake a scorecard.social IG account.\n\nwe can synergize\n\nstand out ON PURPOSE\n\nattract more amelias\n\nreach, not engagement\n\n"build attention talk"\n\n“belief capital” is wow\n\n“im the first customer”\n\nproduct marketing sales\n\nyour life is the product\n\nadventure capitalism >>>\n\nfollow damian on socials\n\nyou are the first customer\n\n“the best part is no part”\n\n“make america states again”\n\nns is like "terrace hotel."\n\na name for the studio agency\n\nbe known well not well known\n\n"mama didnt raise no bitch."\n\nmedia leverage is about reach\n\nniche, transformation, price.\n\nbuild visible competence on ig\n\nyour cringe is my opportunity.\n\nig and x provide social capital\n\nyou are the “product” the “art”\n\ncapitalistic collaborations >>>\n\nelon is a big kid playing legos\n\nyour users are ALREADY out there\n\nget help with marketing and sales\n\nhave my own online logo for personal brand.\n\nbrand is logo color pallete and name, for products and people\n\nbrand: name logo pallete, backlinks to anchormarianas etc. anchorm domain?\n\nleverage personal brand, always pagerank backlink to my personal brand: adamtomas\n\nfor everywhere that my atp logo shows up, make it the same color as the platform: IG twitter airchat spotify youtube gmail domain\n\nbrand=trust, for you and your company and your products (abstraction layers). its like karma. its about undeniable track records, its about\n\nimma rest for a bit before kicking in to another season of exploitation. im resting and exploring and learning for a bit. burnout. put water on that burnout haha\n\nsell first to people who trust me. ill have a sleax ux, its just my first tool im selling, autoupdated and everything. see everyones a brand. brands build trust theough track records\n\nwrite about why i made a personal logo. its all 4 of my names initials, it can be color coded for every artistic medium. its identifiable without pushing my face. not too much fame (link to this blog post)\n\njust poast all the 1,0,s on X? and rethread everything and curate everything on keywords? itll market me as a person, more friends, more media leverage, more philosophy and crystallized thought, brand markets my products, fame/preselection. polarizes my following. get to 1k first\n\n