curation makes it easier to sift. imagine a chef that curates menu a writer that curates their essays a musician that curates their songs etc.\n\ncurate when theres clearly too much generation\n\ncuration is where choice is easier\n\nby curating 80%, you WILL lose 20%, but curation is considerate + other things.\n\nhumans curate infinity\n\ncurate when theres clearly too much generation\n\nget to 100, curate, get to 100 new, curate deeply\n\nthe flood is a story about curation. the wheat from chaff. etc\n\nvaulting/archiving doesnt mean deleting forever, its just curating\n\nis this timeless? is this high quality high authenticity? create curate create curate\n\ncurators find gems and elevate them from underground into more mainstream, theres a spectrum\n\nlook at NS directory. look at airtable of thiel fellows. what else is a good curation of people\n\ntalk about the best of the twitter experiment, twitter curate. curation is thoughtful and useful\n\ni dont necessarily trust my ability to create yet idk, but i do trust my taste, so i can curate..\n\ni wish i could stitch together tweets i think are similar and post as a stitched group, a curation\n\nmaybe i may not create original work at a high level rn but i CAN curate and share cheatsheet lists\n\nall links post, post the direct words songs or videos on x and @ source to the person. create curate elevate\n\nits like create a variation set, then sort, then cut off, then elevate what remains, that good good. that good shit. create, curate, elevate\n\ncuration makes it easier to sift. imagine a chef that curates menu a writer that curates their essays a musician that curates their songs etc.\n\nlike i gotta consolidate these blog posts. some should just be a paragraph on a main blog post, not a seperate blog post.speed, volume, curation\n\nbuild out the scifi ideas, and well have a new scifi, just like pop changes throughout time, although at that time, its popular, and therefore pop\n\ncuration is good though because i can trim off the noise, clean it up, and make it easier for readers to sift through (theres so much on the internet)\n\nevery chapter of a long form youtube video is a clip. same with music film books writing. long form play, curating slices of the work, deleting the noise, or keeping for authentic continuity\n\nif i can listen to music and splice stacks and creative coding, and find the magic bits, just like david senra does for books of founders, i can be a master curator, and then post the gems i find\n\nwhen i get to 1000 posts, gonna curate for the timeless only. thread in with "at every mag crossroad post" and thread in the "create curate elevate". curating for what i like and for what the market likes\n\ni dont like socials that force feed digital content i like curation\n\nneed more quantity or quality rn? more generation curation or elevation\n\ncurators find gems and elevate them from underground into more mainstream, theres a spectrum\n\ni wish i could stitch together tweets i think are similar and post as a stitched group, a curation\n\nmaybe i may not create original work at a high level rn but i CAN curate and share cheatsheet lists\n\nnaval rogan is for the "history books" lol. no more history books, only curated online resources. the internet is for generation curation elevation.\n\nevery chapter of a long form youtube video is a clip. same with music film books writing. long form play, curating slices of the work, deleting the noise, or keeping for authentic continuity\n\n