distill essays after a while, then riff more from my own essays, on spotify and youtube? ai trained? it needs data

i feel like so much content is repeated shit, noise. i dont wanna be like that

one good blog post or podcast is better than volume? well i see the merit in speed and volume too, just dont share embarassing stuff. safe stuff first

cmprssn/curation

great copy, great titles.

make sure each title makes ME want to click

after writing blog essays, the most popular should go through an ai youtube process with pics, writing, and my trained ai voice just reading the essay, like those sivers animations

remove topics that aren't evergreen material

maybe when a blog post gets too long, i can break it up into subparts and link to each

also post on youtube. every 10 clips, turn into a compilation? idk. 10 1 minutes = 1 10 minute.\n\nshort form content should point to your longer term content. 1 minute -> 10 minute.\n\nask the guam content creators for help\n\nget the contact of the mushrooms guy from miguel?\n\ndo more face solo clips riffing on top posts, show people what im like on x and ig. turn url to irl\n\npost ig dump? idk. talk to people who do content the benefits and shit.. aviral vensy romina ben balaji\n\ndo 100 solo clips. talk about soccer, kpop, etc. tech, philosophy, etc. thread clips that are of similar topic\n\npost looms reels shorts tiktoks, to X and IG, etc. clip pods, etc. other vids. explaining my products. content creation stuff. tell stories etc\n\nthe talent density is supposedly low. so the question is how to upskill people? how to increase the talent density of a place? you can invite, retain, improve.. right?\n\nlong form content like a pod (riffing) then chop it up, then export clips to youtube reels and tiktok and ig whatever. bring the brainrot out to longer form timeless shit.\n\ni wanted to avoid military, but got into tech military haha: reminds me of fifa career mode. how to measure and assess someones potential, and train them in the right way to be their best self?\n\na different space/room/building/location helps break up contexts, and therefore being in the appropriate role in life is more obvious. bedroom=sleep. office=work. kitchen=eat. scenes and their implicit directives.\n\nnetwork school is supposed to educate the market about the network state concept. its not really about THIS network state, its about the concept proven out, and the society will be lead by 1 team, like a company, but a leader opt in king/queen\n\nuse laptop to get the best 100 or so philosophy X riffing material for the ig reels in car. find a format that works. also try diff formats. whatever i like whatever is good and banger. lead w what people want on ig on Feb 8, 2025 at 10:00 AM - 10:30 AM\n\nupload the solo ferdi mig clips to descript, just use the same white audio format. minimalist. and pick the best clips to turn into reels. experiment in breadth till something authentically hits, then double down on what works. on Feb 4, 2025 at 10:30 AM - 11:00 AM\n\nShow and tell all 100 songs, 100 essays, 100 apps. Each should have a similarish scope of work? upgrade platonic ideal of adampang. would I buy this? if i can feel comfortable buying what id sell, then cool, sell it to the internet stadium of people out there, just like how you did with the candy..\n\nmake a life starting hand, slope, y int goal visualizer. explanatory knowledge from internet in this new age helps solve problems from where you are want to be / actualizing your potential as a human, then transcending the game and helping others to win (where youre knowledgable / where you can help) live a good life yo\n\n