---
title: "creativity"
slug: "creativity"
---

balancing what i notice is missing

rick rubin is a goat

its not spray and pray, its volume and speed, curating and trying to break my ideas
logo, china fire vetruvian eye resemblance

seperate the person from the idea, like an artist and the song.

a hackathon is like a game jam, i can see people doing that with music

you can be novel in aggregation. no new lego blocks, but a new combination, a new potion

if you are not satisfied, the art is not finished

you can be novel in aggregation. no new lego blocks, but a new combination, a new potion

sexual energy IS creative energy. the more you show you can create, the better\n\nok ive created space, now i need to listen for the magic, now that ive made space\n\nfocus mostly on creating.\n\nauthentic creation is compulsive.\n\n~ always be creating, lest you wither\n\ninventio, to both discover and create\n\ngenius is in scenius\n\ncreation is almost compulsive.\n\njust need 1 brilliant creation\n\nauthentic creation is compulsive.\n\n~ always be creating, lest you wither\n\ninventio, to both discover and create\n\nit only takes one creation to point to the\n\ncreativity is made out of compulsion almost\n\ncreativity is made out of compulsion almost\n\nif a creative does not create, she withers.\n\nyou shouldnt put creativity on a timecrunch\n\nTrue creativity is increasingly the bottleneck.\n\ncreativity is not on a time schedule, its emergent\n\na gem is high quality low popularity creative seeds\n\nparasitic ideas block creativity, the engine of progress.\n\ncreativity is almost compulsive. if it comes back to me 3 times?\n\njust create things, then curate / correct errors / get rid of bad\n\ncreativity is anywhere to anywhere connections. make dots connect dots\n\nsexual energy IS creative energy. the more you show you can create, the better\n\ntake off the overton shackles. society weighs heavily on the creative individual\n\nwe have so many creative tools at our disposal, but few pick them up and make things.\n\nall it takes is 1 creation, for people to look back at all previous creations of yours.\n\nyou can be novel in aggregation. no new lego blocks, but a new combination, a new potion\n\nmake music and sing. write about theory of money, theory of xyz. the principle of additionality\n\nonce you have a taste of radical creativity and flow, you don't and should not, want to go back\n\nseperate the creation and the curation modes. i need to be in creative mode, in stealth, but create.\n\nif you havent tried to create something / once you create something, you realize the miracles all around you\n\nwhat if we do it badly on purpose to get started? write a bad song on purpose. increase the creation aperture\n\ni want more blinders. less choice. like a staked solana. decision fatigue. creative connstraints that catalyze.\n\ni just wanna philosophize and make music lol. so ill make apps to then make music, its all offerings to God, to infinity.\n\nas long as you keep creating, and curate out the bad, and elevate the good that remains, youll be fine. just solve problems\n\nuntil you try to create something, you wont see the miracles aorund you. rephrase this, find my other wordsmith of this, and post\n\nwith any creative medium: song, tweet, book, blog, painting, podcast. what can you do in this medium that you cant do in any other?\n\nremember that everything you think as fixed, like math, physics, etc, they were once creatively thought up by 1 person! thats so cool!\n\nthe creation youre searching for lies atop a mountain of shit creations. gotta do the 100 to get to the 3 dream team. the power law shit\n\nstarlink / getting internet to everyone is the best charity you can give, also phones, the knowledge dissimination.. knowledge -> resources\n\ni like a tentative creative menu for startups, music, anything. and i can always change the album cover or whatever. i control what i put out\n\njust record vocals with phone mic. the bar is so low. there is a shortage of creatives. founders. have a lefty's openness, a righty's conscientiousness.\n\nmy creative process: generate curate elevate. i always can take things down, put things up, double down and expand on what i think is left and important\n\nsolve top problems in new ways, this is creativity.. conjecture criticism, hard to vary good explanations, and risky narrow predictions, good faith experiments\n\ni trim as i grow, creative process. focus on what you want to see more of, then when it hits capacity of 10 or 100 or 1000, just trim the lackluster, out of curation and trimming's sake\n\nits ok if your idea is made, move on to the next best. principle of additionality. dont compete, build what you cant buy, what wont be built unless you do it. low hanging fruit on the internet tastes sweet\n\n2 create for yourself and it so happens that helps others the most. trust your taste. live so you like you. ** works with tech and with writing and music. anything creative use your taste and negotiated conscience\n\njust like 4 hour chef isnt about cooking, your music and people isnt about music, its about creativity in general, just like the creative act is about creativity not music (i thought it was just cause it was rick rubin)\n\nimplications excite, what is the change you wish to make in the world? generating wealth, abundant access to women. i can also make music with ai and make ai visuals too, like adore. steal like an artist. experiment in breadth like leo da vinci\n\nwith venn diagrams and connecting existing dots, new dots are formed. this is how resonance works in music, it creates a third new note. with this framework of connecting good combo dots, theres infinite creativity potential* this is also how parents and their kids work lol\n\nuse your sexual energy as creative energy. create code and media. much in private, the best in public, release a new app asap, but get really clear w cursor on what it would be and why. top problem. either i update my understanding because i need to act asap on Feb 9, 2025 at 6:30 PM - 7:00 PM\n\nwow. everything is a work in progress, people "finish/release" a song, by their own judgement, but they could have worked on it less or more, but just snapshot decided to share it at that moment.. so essays, apps, songs, these are all creative expressions driven by conjecture and criticism. brainstorming and curating.\n\nOn “do 100 thing” its a creative process, a strategy. Its good because a lot of wannabe-artists have perfectionistic tendencies (they want things to be perfect from the get go), but until they practice more, they wont gratify their high levels of taste. So you can do 1 thing, then 10, then 100, and the more you practice, the better youll get.\n\ni learned from X with the "most books could be sentences." that even the most obvious tiny thing, could get the most market response. gonna apply this creative mindset to my apps. the small thing could be the hit. make a thread about this. obvious to you amazing to others, sivers, like song 2. show a rick rubin vid about the small thing just working for some reason\n\ndecision making is choice CREATION! your mind (creative) can create more choices, via creation, via emergence and conjecture, criticism. unblock creativity by detecting antirational memes that are seemingly unquestionable, and question them. be curious. take noones word as certain, even deutsch, etc. reject authority within and without, everyone is fallible, everyone is a work in progress, DYNAMIC! not static! identity labelling is static!\n\nthinkers master what. rappers poets authors master how\n\ni want sexual creation: fame*, preselection, alex grace boxes\n\ncreativity is anywhere to anywhere connections. make dots connect dots\n\nfind a word that rhymes with brainrot but is its opposite like solarpunk\n\nempower yourself with creative means like practicing writing, programming\n\nrick rubin is sourced, he said there is a time and place for an idea and those with sensitive antanne will pick up on it\n\nbe decisive about what i release. polished compressed intentional. where the lack of public creativity hurts more than making it public\n\nfind friends on the internet, talk w em, tweet with each other, airchat and twitter. podcast, blog posts. this is great for life sustainability\n\nmy creative process: generate curate elevate. i always can take things down, put things up, double down and expand on what i think is left and important\n\ni dont create just for me, i mean i do wanna reap so its a sustainable creative project, and i can continue to play. win and help win, put your mask on first before helping others\n\n2 create for yourself and it so happens that helps others the most. trust your taste. live so you like you. ** works with tech and with writing and music. anything creative use your taste and negotiated conscience\n\njust like 4 hour chef isnt about cooking, your music and people isnt about music, its about creativity in general, just like the creative act is about creativity not music (i thought it was just cause it was rick rubin)\n\nwith venn diagrams and connecting existing dots, new dots are formed. this is how resonance works in music, it creates a third new note. with this framework of connecting good combo dots, theres infinite creativity potential* this is also how parents and their kids work lol\n\n