where are the super low gas fees for crypto transactions?

essay on star farms, network states, sabatier machines, and bitcoin mining

connect star farms to sabatier machines and bitcoin mining. deutschian transformations!

yeah gatekeepers suck. thats where permissionless leverage comes in

buy 10 bucks btc eth sol zcash\n\nwhat is vitalik’s “my techno optimism”\n\nai agents + crypto wallet to do shit for you\n\nns luma events should be recorded. crypto luma\n\nbuy btc and zcash and solana lol and reosnance?\n\nget a hardware wallet is an ssd for crypto, for money\n\nlearn the new tool: zero knowledge proofs. crypto iot stuff\n\ncryptouniversity on Apr 24, 2025 at 12:00 noon - 12:30 noon\n\npermissionless code and media maxxing. crypto ai apps + warpcast X posts\n\nsave my phantom wallet secret phase on paper and put in the chest in room.\n\nmake a list of which ns people are doing WHAT projects, tip jar, solana addresses. avoid double building?\n\nwill my notes be a meditations? after we die.. what do we put in our crypto wills? notes, coins, what else lol\n\nevery startup society has different priorities. maybe like a bitcoin only place and lightning, maybe its xyz..\n\nhow do people make money on blockchain? some are ideological, religious, technical, vibey, traders, degenerates\n\nthe same encryption that enables ecommerce enables currencies enables chains enables proofs/voting enables countries\n\noh do nft checkins for hilton 2. check chovin on this. crypto + iot door locks. like airbnb hosts. like tesla robotaxis\n\nfind chris dixon last apps for crypto in his book, build out the ones that arent being built, that i can uniquely build\n\nmake sure the solana wallet can easily be paypalled / venmoed / bank account transferred? make it easy for users to onboard\n\nyou can have multi person trust keys so they cant just kidnap you and get the coins, only with n people, like an AND lock..\n\ndo we make digital property / cryptographic versions of all major internet services? like youtube, twitter, instagram, gmail?\n\nwhere to buy tokens of diff crypto projects? make one of my own, can you tokenize anything? check stef check grok check pumpfun\n\nbuy 10 bucks of zcash, learn about it and solana. well what am i buying it for? why why why on Apr 11, 2025 at 9:30 AM - 10:00 AM\n\ngood nfts are the fortnite season 1 sorta merch. think of it like that. value creation has gone digital more. just solve problems.\n\nhow to onboard laypeople to use solana though? how does it interface with legacy financial systems like credit card payments and paypal?\n\nfind gitcoin funding or solana or whatever crypto permissionless funding for software. check grant keeps and spreadsheets and merge club\n\ncrowdfund dao? crypto wallet + ai agents that can do things online and offline. digital and physical.. on Apr 23, 2025 at 12:30 noon - 1:00 PM\n\nmaybe the top 10 in burn nfts, learn earn, get 10 bucks everyday for being in that slot.. microincentives? on Apr 23, 2025 at 11:30 AM - 12:00 noon\n\nincorporated man smart contract with your crypto wallet. staking in someones crypto wallet, rules and incentive design though. tokenization? token utility?\n\nshould be decentralized sport too, like not just in europe, but games all over the world, nodes and edges, crypto leagues etc, the best imported players etc\n\ncome up with warpcast pseudonym then knock out the balaji bounties so long as no good submissions already. he should say when he accepts one or check comments\n\nsolana/crypto grants. /tips page. presales on AM site. get transactions working on skillsupply and then take a cut. i wonder if people will use phantom wallet.\n\nbalaji is doing exactly the token incentive thing just like chris dixon is talking about. how to tie the token to the value of the blockchain project? NS points yuh\n\nlet people invest in you directly with crypto. incorporated man. figure this out. stake a person to an nft? for that year for example. but how to tie it to the person\n\nsolve debt with crypto? pay your card down so no new payments, but what is the other side of the ledger with crypto? like scale ai data labelling? indentured servitude lol\n\nmake a bitcoin ethereum solana zcash wallet and let people pay me, also buymeacoffee, paypal etc. give them something in return, maybe they get blog posts early??? idk. tbd\n\nget that crypto card thing.. it ties to a crypto wallet address, you can refill it however, but it works in the real world, the same credit system. joe knows more about this..\n\nbuild crypto wallets into my products, usdc on solana, use crypto stripe on all my products, give the option or continue with google continue with metamask continue with phantom\n\nremember that theres a hidden cheap bitcoin you gotta find. theres always a monster opportunity that knowledge would illuminate for you, it should be obviously valuable before its popular\n\nthe infra of bitcoin done 2008, the numbers reach a threshold 2018 or something. same for network state. if we get the mvp infra, the product, then its just a matter of time and repitition\n\nget the 1k from dad, pay down the debt, and own tokens for good crypto projects. make a crypto s and p 500 version but instead of stocks of companies its tokens of open source crypto projects\n\na lot of crypto projects fail to teach the market and make the concepts accessible and intelligible, so that the user GETS why its important for them to support and buy the project / product.\n\nowning crypto currencies is like buying real estate. its the dumb way to make money. but what you can do is use the real estate for leverage, use the cryptocurrencies to program value / leverage\n\nit seems like if a crypto project doesnt have some inherent incentive structure for the founders, they are more like charity and its hard to get the project off the ground. some capital or social capital incentive structure seems to be needed upfront\n\nfor every startup price page, add a crypto option. make a crypto stripe? a UI that makes it easy just like stripe does? a token to incectivize usage? the more you own it (funding), itll be tied logarithmically to the value of the crypto project, learn how people do this. warpcast balaji chris dixon\n\ncrypto trading and meme coins reminds me of fifa ult team trading. whats the bronze pack method? probably staking and leveraging blue chip coins.. but gotta create wealth too.. but its a wealth engine. buy more stake leverage.. get usdc to run your life between.. to run your liquid life (monthly burn)\n\nas long as bitcoin is fungible and you can transact with it with zero/tiny gas using layer 2 protocols, itll work. steelman bitcoin NOT working, try to steelman that case and if i cant break it, bitcoin eth solana zcash will be my investing portfolio if i dont have other good capital allocation ideas. allocate capital right now to generate more capital, then i can spend less and less percentages of cashflow on one time things like tooth whitening idk\n\n