i can be like elon and transition to energy gas manufacturing (advanced and housing)

solar powered solar panel manufacturing factory please

OH MY FUCKING GOD: star farms (nuclear or solar), connect to sabatier machines and bitcoin mining rigs (sucks up all the volatility). i can do this on a smaller scale. what other star-farm-connectors / lego blocks can there be??????\n\ncurrent mission: "energy too cheap to meter"\n\nwe really are on different energy wavelengths\n\ntheres no consensus on whats the best energy solution. depends?\n\nlive in texas or florida. whats best for energy gas manufacturing\n\nThe above system turns energy into gas or cash, both fungible and in demand.\n\n1) Finish my internship at Guam Power Authority = learn about energy and make some cash\n\nEach energy production and consumption component should be in its optimal environment of course.\n\ninfinite free food, housing (agriculture, manufacturing), from free infinite energy and gas (solar, batteries, synthetics)\n\nmap out why energy not too cheap to meter . need supply. but if solar getting cheaper, why not just buy it to sell? time to profit\n\nsell solar panel carparks and solar panel sidewalk covers/awnings, sold straight to the grid or can you just sell solar panel sidewalks directly?, more requirements lol\n\nwork on a solar panel project unit economics for across the street IDI property. have it power IDI, see the ROI of a project like that. great fuckin roi on property, and you can pack it up, and its fenced.\n\ntalk to mama about solar project idi lot. unit economics, time to ROI etc. is it profitable to supply energy directly, using a battery and base load, use what i learned and connects i made at gpa to help out.\n\nthe thing about compute and solar is that they are kinda in opposition because the compute needs refridgeration. is there a way that its synergistic? i mean solar can be with sabatier, sabatier is neutral. but\n\nso if not going after energy market, what niche are you going to innovate in? whats missing from the tech tree? why arent we at energy too cheap to meter? nuclear + hydrocarbons. tons of nuclear companies, not that many hydrocarbon companies, they solve the nuclear portability problem?\n\n