write about permissionlessness and gatekeepers
go through side gates, build a better gatebreaker

problem -> solution -> sell -> build


PERMISSIONLESS LEVERAGE
media: blog, youtube, tiktok, twitter, email, book, spotify, podcast
code: indiehacking

new jobs are created just like new companies are created. some will stick around for certain times

i respect atom-entrepreneurs fosho, i just wanted to build leverage first. felt like the better first move

own a leveraged solution to a great problem

needs to be advanced cause small scale

startup ideas should pass filters, and if you can try to break the idea and it lasts, you gotta do it. are you actually motivated to make it? can you make it? does it actually solve a problem? would you use it? do you believe in it? are you building something that you cant buy? if you are building what already exists, are you just going to undercut?

labor. cut down this forest. you can leave
capital. allocate to this company. leave it alone
code. code this app, servers run it
media. post this content, servers run it


if your idea is already built, thats a good thing, the world has that thing. keep looking out for new good problems to solve. up and up the tech stack!

its ok to do software first, even elon did it

talk about positioning high demand low supply through combinatorics. be naval authentic

be a multipreneur to practice meta orchestration


i dont ask for money, ask for advice. only ask for money when accelerating. when you've exhausted all no-money experiments for what youre trying to do.

Peter Thiel

Derek Sivers

Naval Ravikant

talk about how its okay to start with zip2 first. elon and adcock both do it. there are good permissionless leverage reasons why starting with software before energy gas manufacturing can be a good decision.

i couldn't find a job so i made some

what if im into saas AND hardtech? am i allowed to exist? lol

talk about how code and media is leverage, where even with a small value add, it scales mega. like elon said. you can start with small value huge quantity, andor huge value small quantity.


i mean i wanna do like what elon did and get wealthy with code (permissionless leverage like naval says, along with media to build relationships at scale, like david senra pointed out), then i can work in the atom-tech thats foundational like energy gas manufacturing housing

1,1,so heres the money early game: write and code. then i can go for energy gas manufacturing. like elon, software first. and heres why: software and media are permissionless leverage, then i can get capital and labor for permissioned labor, but i can allocate and use my judgement. software has no marginal cost of replication, so as long as i provide value with my code or media, itll spread like wildfire (at least i hope so). an audience and a reputation is accountable skin in the game

its pretty good to be an entrepreneur or vc because you gotta put your resources where your mouth is, and you got skin in the game

funding is leverage/acceleration

23:24 Raising capital is seen as a way to run experiments that can't be done without it; founders should first exhaust all possible low-cost experiments.

say i used to jailbreak everyones iphones in highschool with cydia, ran a small candy arbitrage business, made 20 bucks a day

buy what you cant build, build what you cant buy

i like thiel because hes both a philosopher and a capitalist

i fuckin love noah kagan, hes so honest, fun, hes successful, hes living proof you dont need to be xyz all lined up. "wife quest" lol

when i notice the twitter feed doesnt have cool stuff, i know we gotta build more solutions to great problems. own the lever. press a button, huge effect. where judgement comes. allow for meritocracy that fucks you up

i feel like when i get my first stripe / lemon squeezy payments, imma cry

are there more leverage ways than labor capital code and media? its just anything where judgement is a lever so it works while youre not attending to it. BUT you need to actually solve people's problems to provide value to your fellow human. and with media, that builds a reputation and trust with people (so called audience)

buy what you cant build, build what you cant buy

going for first internet dollar lol. never giving up\n\njust ship it. you have a plan, you can sense utility/value. make it, sell it, share it\n\nblack coffee is my nzt127 or whatever the number is. going from starving artist to wealthy artist\n\nfounders are artists that don't starve.\n\ndiff between founder and employee is agency\n\nhower first dollar do things that dont scale\n\nexecution = you actually build it and sell it\n\nif 90% of startups fail, then if i make 10 startups..\n\nevery startup is a bold guess in the free wealth market\n\nmake a job autoapplyer? nah be an entrepreneur. indiehacker\n\nthe only reason to do a startup is to build what you cant buy\n\nthere are startup ideas hidden in your biggest monthly expenses.\n\nno bullshit. build and sell. code equity media. then capital labor\n\n"buy indiepage, and that will be my am site instead, entrepreneur resum…"\n\nentrepreneurs are like scientist philosopher sages generals almost, all in one lol\n\ndavid senra makes content about founders. i can do it too with cool company showcases.\n\nteach what i know about programming and entrepreneurship? be an entrepreneur first lol\n\nelon doesnnt focus on business plans because when the plan hits reality its always wrong*\n\nindiehacking fits in navals permissionless leverage wealth creation explanatory framework\n\nget income asap. solve top problems which generates value, then capture some of that value\n\nWhat’s missing in the world? With a prepared mind, i can generate startup ideas organically\n\nstartup ideas are found in s tier books, your monthly burn, learning and noticing, what else?\n\nclean room, sell clothes to fashion things on guam in bulk (do a if there is doubt no doubt thing)\n\nif your business ideas suck and dont motivate you. remember that you can come up with more. over time\n\ni feel more like a founder in training. ceo in training. the best way to learn is to do? i mean i guess..\n\nthe “who you know” has “what they know” included in that. but build something great and the market will come\n\nbuild free tools, see if theres usage, get testimonials, then just charge to keep it going, server costs etc.\n\nthere are different flavors/styles/genres of founders. i wonder what they are all similar and different in/at\n\ni see value everywhere now, i see startup ideas everywhere when something goes wrong i can think of a solution\n\nall it takes is one creation to point to and validate the whole portfolio. (we know about blastar and zip2 for example)\n\ni want wealth creation: internet businesses/products, marketing, first internet dollar, no debt, savings and investments\n\nsolve the top problem for me, then help other people with that same top problem do the same. monetize through code / media.\n\ncan i find 1 receptive person w the problem? then keep doubling, and for first 10 people, giving for free, first 100, 50% off\n\nyou dont know what the market will like until you launch. you can only know what you like, pre-launch. guaranteed market of 1.\n\nnot the input of work, what is the output of the work, and own the solution of that output, to solving a problem you identify.\n\nbuy indiepage, and that will be my am site instead, entrepreneur resume. remove am site, link to indiepage instead and change adampang link\n\nim working on things that others cant, so i position myself low supply higher demand. time and output disconnected. more creative, less rote\n\nits like a semi-counterculture to VC-backed startups where they basically go "all in" on one idea, where this strat is more "many small bets"\n\nin entrepreneurship, the masses are never right. trust principles and results, understand where the value is. quiet success. find an empty path\n\n1,1,for fame, ask yourself: "why SHOULD people know me" so actually be good in startups, then show mrr to show value generated. solving problems.\n\nwin at ns as a solopreneur, then help people with 1 on 1 founder therapy, after i get something to work.. went from 0 to 10k with x project, in y months\n\nget your life profitable. you are a startup lol. in more ways than 1. life is full of marketplaces in different spaces. its actually all 1 space. its all the same thing\n\nsaying "im gonna be an entrepreneur" is like saying "im gonna grow up to be an employee" ok.. but for what? thats a method of working, its not saying WHAT youre working on\n\nhow do i productize myself, i can be low supply with combinatorics and combinations with venns, but its gotta be aligned with the great problems of our time. important and urgent\n\njust like a product in the free market. productize yourself, be a low supply high demand person. solve problems and help solve problems, maslow pointed to this with transcendence.\n\n6) own a piece of a business and scale = If I'm not wealthy by this point, so I have financial freedom and can work on even more awesome creative projects, without having to worry.\n\nminimum viable entrepreneurship to solve debt. minimum viable visible competence = fame = solve lovelessness. charisma, etc. import dan b and oriron t advice whatever. kiedis whatever\n\nsell before building? put a waitlist on a landing page? see if they want it, then the ideas that i love and they love, thats the product i build first. a paid waitlist. if not, i refund?\n\nmaybe i should build in public, to attract indiehackers on X and IG. so i can solve the loneliness problem while solving my debt and sexlessness problem on Feb 9, 2025 at 1:30 PM - 2:00 PM\n\ni only need to make 2k to get back to where i was. this indiehacking path is proven i can show mama. maybe i do need to be on twitter not sure, maybe i dont because there are indiehackers that dont\n\nwe can literally all win, yeah a bar will cause attrition, but in principle all CAN have an outcome of a profitable project that pays the bills or even hits tons of criteria for success, money first of all.\n\ntalk about how its okay to start with zip2 first. elon and adcock both do it. there are good permissionless leverage reasons why starting with software before energy gas manufacturing can be a good decision.\n\nthe reason you start with the problem is because you know theres demand there. the reason you learn about the frontier technologies is because that is low supply of competitors. sell water to a thirsty desert man\n\nrace to 26 bucks a day. how about 1 dollar online? i control my input, not exactly my ouptuts* gotta start crankin out permissionless leverage. nail it before scaling it. get 10 users to love it. even 1. find 1 person.\n\ni mean i wanna do like what elon did and get wealthy with code (permissionless leverage like naval says, along with media to build relationships at scale, like david senra pointed out), then i can work in the atom-tech thats foundational like energy gas manufacturing housing\n\nartists should be self sufficient: profitable songwriter producer marketer etc. fullstack indie shit. and if you do have a team have it be a small highly aligned navy seal type team where its a hell yeah for every new crew member like luffy. if there is doubt there is no doubt\n\nmy indiehacking businesses are market experiments like music, and you can adjust poker-like resource allocation based on conviction and data. like the balaji civ tech tree analogy with trunks and roots and leaves. leaves become roots become trunks. have strong mental explanatory scaffolding and xyz\n\nsometimes its best to retire a project if your founder instincts and passionn for it are gone. and maybe competition landscape has changed. like the react channel, or maybe work on total delegation so it operates without you and you can squeeze the last out of it before retiring it when its a mess???\n\nstartups fail because they lack knowlesge and are experimenting to find out knowlesge on the fly. but you can also have the knowledge and have a principled successful startip on the first go. and do it over and over. i take luck out of the vocab. learned that from theil. explanations reach infinity and we can build out our explanations along vectors. explanations are potentioal and actions manifest em\n\nunlike internship and renting out time, if i can get from 0to1 on a project, it can scale to the size of the internet, which grows as a continent, and i have tons of ideas now thanks to the sg increased explanatory mental scaffolding, i even have more ideas. this is indiehacking. pieter levels og pioneer love him. and hes a counterexample, he doesnt sell shovels like marc lou as his highest earning product. now its photoai.\n\nclean room and bulk sell clothes to someone. make a bid connect to local fashion curators. starting bid, heres the closing date. give to noah and shit idk. put my sizes, here are pics of em all, 30 pieces, whats the bulk price you paying? maybe just put on fb marketplace. the buggest engineer mistake is building what doesnt need to be built. dont just build to build, be intentional and principled with the economic system for sustainability and goals\n\nimagine if i could wave a wand and all my internet startup ideas were done being coded and ready to meet the market. then what? id have to find where the relevant people are, then show them the change they seek to make, i provide, for a cost (my pricing algo). nail it before you scale it. put an ideasbugs button on the bottom right of every startup so i get feedback. make it easy for them to tell me whats wrong or what could be better, am i hitting the target yaknow?\n\ngive away free resources like relevant blog posts, or make hower free but the text processing ai usage billed base. build trust with working free things, and if i nail the solving of a problem, that will generate word of mouth. make it easy for me to use, and therefore it will be easy for users to use. make it clear who its for in the headline: are you an overwhelmed achiever? are you an overwhelmed writer? etc. maybe give away the list to calendar extension. just like marc lou gives away the logofast etc. or yongfook idk. do what works. idk about pieter levels. check him hes the best at indiehacking. right?\n\ni see startup ideas everywhere now. “it would be cool if…”\n\na startup is a compulsion if its not in your nature do not do it\n\nbrett adcock is a great entrepreneur. cover is his boring company\n\none of the cool things about indiehacking is that its basically pure profit\n\nindiehacking is totally like music making, but its much better economically\n\nfilter my startup ideas through the pieter thiel lens but also with an indiehacking lens\n\ni see value everywhere now, i see startup ideas everywhere when something goes wrong i can think of a solution\n\nthe wealth creation heuristic: does elon do it? he has multiple projects, so does pieter levels, so i will too\n\ni want wealth creation: internet businesses/products, marketing, first internet dollar, no debt, savings and investments\n\nindiehacking is like my old candy business, but instead of 100 classmate highschool, its the internet: 5.3 billion people.\n\neven elon said software is good initial company because its permissionless. truths emerge independently because truth is omnipresent\n\njudah hyperdata does indiehacking sorta too. i like these small medium sized project entrepreneurs like benjamin anderson, or elon zip2\n\nnail it before scale it. hand recruit first 1 customer 10 customers. and then really nail it until you cant improve without more feedback.\n\nbottom line i wont know for sure what idea will bring money until it hits the market(the set of people who would pay money for the product)\n\nindiehacking is great for combinatoris = low supply while still having permissionless leverage. low demand sorta but high scale and leverage.\n\nfind hobbies that make you rich, creative, fit = indiehacking, soccer/lifting, audible/plaintext and voice podcasts blog tweets youtube spotify IG\n\nget your life profitable. you are a startup lol. in more ways than 1. life is full of marketplaces in different spaces. its actually all 1 space. its all the same thing\n\ni just have so many startup ideas now. basically ways to literally make the world a better place even though thats a fake internal motivation. i wanna fuck lol and not be stressed about money. i wanna pay bills\n\n"i couldnt get a job so i made my own" marc lou elon they did this too. and all the people who have elon as their hardware hero, bitch he started with zip2 and paypal, and used software capital to do permissionless hardware, bitch! lol love you\n\nstartups are like building a fire, you need different things at different stages of the fire. you need dry tinder kindling wood, you need the right conditions of no wind, low humidity, etc. and you need the skill or explanations to traverse each part.\n\nyou wont get wealthy as an artist by renting out your time performing, selling your time is good for quick cash. services=quick limited cash, products=slower unbounded cashflow. cash -> wealth. but invest in wealth-creating mechanisms: businesses, things you understand.\n\nsometimes its best to retire a project if your founder instincts and passionn for it are gone. and maybe competition landscape has changed. like the react channel, or maybe work on total delegation so it operates without you and you can squeeze the last out of it before retiring it when its a mess???\n\ni need to focus on the wealth game, (first dollar game and debt game. indiehacking game), then the visible competence game, the fashion, muscles, money, friends game, the independence and travel to hubs game, the girlfriend / sex game. mag up with twitter ig and wealth game. dont be trapped by eafc, just watch lasty and do web app\n\n1,1,the responsibility of founders is felt when IF the they dont build their thing all these bad things happen thats the mark of a painkiller tool. well ive also found that utility isnt THAT straightforward. i think that elons framework is good: utility delta of the state of the art * the amount of people it affects. das pretty good\n\nclean room and bulk sell clothes to someone. make a bid connect to local fashion curators. starting bid, heres the closing date. give to noah and shit idk. put my sizes, here are pics of em all, 30 pieces, whats the bulk price you paying? maybe just put on fb marketplace. the buggest engineer mistake is building what doesnt need to be built. dont just build to build, be intentional and principled with the economic system for sustainability and goals\n\na founder without feedback, without a pulse on the users or reality will lose the company. ideally hes the user, so he/she cant not have feedback. and tools i use daily. dont worry so much if 1 startup idea, when tested in market, doesnt work, it might be a sales issue, give it a good couple swings, and if not, then move on to the next best idea you got. and brush up on principles and notice life to come up with even more. is the bottleneck generation curation or elevation? rn for me its elevation, the last step. im almost to first dollar!!! then i up the mags. 1 mag 2 mag 3 mag 4 mags. i need 4 mags to solve debt.\n\nthese are the raw notes of an X project idea. help me specify what it is, and the minimum steps till i can make my first sale with it secure attached is the aristotelean middle path get some cash for wallet\\\ from grammy odd jobs of 4 career pillars, what needs most work? build of 4 career pillars, what needs most work? build of 4 career pillars, what needs most work? build setup stripe for pulse. figure out a way on guam game theory optimal strategy: be nice to the nice get follow request info and undo finite gamers\\\ i have so much life within me. substance not time new good music is needed. not THAT needed, but... put mysudo on good phone apps. under tools thread eventually let users rotate banner on bannerbloom. i had a dream that i wasted money or something lol its all games. twitter IG. games can be fun though just like youre yourself irl, just be yourself url maybe solution to maximizing is inaction cost lens network states will help with bromance and romance what are the best upsides, worst downsides of xyz? be nice to the nice. help those who help themselves cancel coolors subscription. cancel and refund asap define wisdom as like a super nuanced decision tree disconfirming evidence = convergent with gabor mate do my projects, find my people. low hanging monies. echo chambers can be good. depends on the echos lol just because you ignore me doesnt mean youre better naval: come for the wealth, stay for the philosophy so build show and tell? yeahh. but i need fast kind we diverge in avatars, cultures converge in avatars you choose your problems as much as they choose you genpro dinner 6pm (tell insider outsider message)\\\ go do something great and your bromances will emerge im both giving less fucks and caring deeply. yaknow? your mouth is the input, your butt is the output lol how can i be the person that gets chosen? calmfident. i needa exercise build my projects and meet my people say on blog that i post 10x more on twitter than here i didnt need to be so frustrated, she couldve listened knowledge skills list wish. what to how to feel to fit stop using a tribal lens, focus on individuals instead theres nothing quite like somebody that i used to know youre not weird, youre just early. overton window shit even your rockstars have rockstars, some dead, some not if you dont tier, you tear. less precise, more progress ig better bio. like x but diff. founder @anchormarianas less is more personal site buttons, rearrange if i want i just wanna build my projects with my kind of people 😭 of 5 health pillars, what needs most work? relationships of 5 health pillars, what needs most work? relationships put a tv in his room? in grammys room. radio in his room reach back out to singapore peeps. sf app academy peeps. the greeks and renaissance were futuristic. we are again get the google docs offline to be for adamtpangelinan too i need people. so work"" on that. message people. dm them tell brett hall the 1 drawback of just saying the thought write about my fav following. i love a good curated list. ask gpt how to make male friends female friends girlfriend every problem is a vector to a goal state. dont overshoot. female friend can be liana or something idk. go poker? nah its all just people behind the world. and you are a people naval anything to anything vitalia post. watch it full vid crazy how gene expression and lineage and genetic tags work dating is a higher game, a necessary game. we all need love find the right domino, over and over. (judgement, leverage) life is like 100% serious and at the same time, 10% serious write about solving problems. problem solving is so fun omg “the 80%/20% rule” also means the “400%/100% rule”. io shit be earlier to leave house. set timer for 715 leave (cushion) insider outsider message: time is too valuable for a day job solve height with biohacking. genes, growth plates, hgh etc. a satisfying relationship is when both parties' needs are met set of clothes and towel and bar soap and toothbrush in truck umizoomo and the japanese style fighting cartoon network show we need plaintext translation. plainword translation with ai. with other men, be a friend, with other women, be a boyfriend you dont die from old age, from damaged substance of the body do mini book reviews. the insights ive pulled and the homework punish bad reward good. punishment melts, rewards crystallize. rebuke past transactions that were faulty. did i call discover? supply and demand determines price. in products, and in people. "The most common problem" is not detecting "the actual problem." >building. creating value and learning skills and meeting people >building. creating value and learning skills and meeting people its possible to recycle this day. you can do this. im right here theory of burnout: do the opposite of what burned you out @gwern whatever you wanna do at night, save it for tomorrow. sleepytime diff cultures have diff status structures. most status structures weekend job? what is only on weekends? like aqua, like your name. just buy it, just make more money. let go of more for faster speed make the dream team into fifa cards. like foundersfund quest cards tweet about my fav pokemon ive caught. ashish and david midjourney twitter parse based on if ive been thinking about this for a while make an ig joke on story: damn this onlyfans thing really works lol use a pen name like ben franklin? only need to in an orwllian world life portfolio. pay off credit cards. min on chase checking is $150! solve your problems, help people that you like solve their problems. how do we all reach escape velocity, both literally and figuritavely? i can raise money for relocation. but what to do with that relocation i wanna know a like count view count from followers, so i know demand i want more messages and notifications on x. i wanna generate action. in proportion to importance. this is how markets approach rationality never chase a woman. the flaws dissapear or appear depending on this. but whats your error correcting ability? your problem solving ability? i dont like how im only listening to the popular, but i can find gems. if you dont understand an output, you dont understand whats in the box + try on the ancient village lens. build a bridge. make fish nets, etc. thats not the way it feels. words dont immediately translate to feeling a good life is matter times what matters, relative to your starting hand fuck should i get uggs lol. do not look around to others, only up to God make the first ig post mic check rick rubin copy it. copying is flattery + Sci-Fi income steps 1-4:  DO IN PARALLEL, what cup needs filling? cycle + Sci-Fi income steps 1-4:  DO IN PARALLEL, what cup needs filling? cycle do a thread on the video games i grew up with. how impactful it was on me i got uncomfortable in the short term to get comfortable in the long term just solve problems and build the social life and lifestyle that YOU want would you still do what you do if your fam friends and heroes shit on it? 3 it looks bad on the outside but i have a plan and i got it under control find the time delta from date that repo was made and first dollar. io shit friendzone girls. riff w those you actually like. learn from pete davidson people who cant change are stuck in the past. i used to kinda be like that some of the core messages of christianity: redemption, unconditional love. work out and protein = eggs = steph idi reconcile. just cook more actually write about mewing tongue posture. convert every repost into my own voice? get the toilet thing from rexall. also mama reimburse for the navy crackers know why you do what you do. nah reject the premise and begin w the problem my monthly now page update is my elon "what have you gotten done this week" "Either write something worth reading or do something worth the writing" 34. charge. the markets approach rationality, but we can also plan the approach. gotta up the mama game i guess. i want my time. she thinks whatever whatever be a good pagerank node. write about practical cs concepts like binary search can i reply to a post with another post? stitching? i wanna stitch on twitter i will be smv worthy of a danielle newjeans soon. gotta keep solving problems if youre gonna take up screen real estate make it worth it for those watching im low on wax chi, wanna burn bright. need fuel. need a full cup to pour from i dont wanna drop the 50 tweets because thats self trust and public commitment showing your aethsetic taste shows off a side of you: music shows film fashion you dont need to like who youre supposed to like lol. these things are natural is my IG profile too gooey or too prickly? too soft too hard? i needs go harder bad days = low dopamine low bandwidth low flow (stitch the problem solving post) make a "student of" thread, people ive learned from, whos in and out of rotation with every mutual follow, send a dm. follow up with people from sf and singapore you know if a guy is high smv if hes with clearly beautiful charming young women do a tierlist youtube video for rating gantry. 2000s kid show and naruto openings dial up dial down. lever up lever down. button press. redstone has taught me well. its just like twitter and scifi tech. there are no adults. principles still apply. life is the squeeze. try what matters rn. but matter would help. it dovetails yeah make a kahoot meme competitikn for losers goes out window when the music comes out money problems are only a class of overarching life-problems. go up and up maslows nen is such a cool magic system. shows the power of focus. a self imposed contract. im a sucker for deckbuilders. pokemon is a deck builder (the pokemon, and the moves) maybe i can wield another infusion coffee, cause port of mocha gots so much espresso rebrand hower as 8020.list, using hower's technique. goes between notes and calendar gotta get out to the states asap. to aunties houses? need income to contribute though i dont think im avoidant. i can attach to people, if they come cool, if they go, cool im not holding onto expectations, but im opening myself up to the mystery, the upside of matter and what matters, what do i need right now? what matters. but they dovetail time's value is proportional to how you use it (where youre pointing * extent you go) learn how to surf. flow state. also skateboarding is similar. as a hobby. but surfing you need a slope thatll match up to your y int goals in your x-axis goal timeline. omg link related existing tweets together, create an everunfolding puzzle, tapestry, mosaic why do i care if certain people follow me? well depends how much i genuinely like THEM. what if i just asked these girls who follow me on a date? whats a smaller rep? a bid. on IG check what to build, check keeps and parse. then figure out what to buy, best bang for buck. list the girls that riff with me for 0to1 girlfriend. remember that girls like to play cupid timeless content compounds. for every tweet, will this be relevant in 100 years? 1000 years? check how much interest is being charged over my lifetime. check if discover has this feature damn. optionality to specific version. just like avatars to the real person. just like money. what if dad's solar can be good for guam. look into it? competition though. partner with GPA? if you only had 3 years to live, would you work here? matter and what matters ideally overlaps you gotta keep repping. date like a scientist. aim for truth. keep repping, endure, and listen ai and crypto both need compute which needs energy which needs stars, which need manufacturing. ask the existing customers email them for feedback, also calendly link. and test that. insighto network effects only fail when something core is broken for too long, and an alternative forms. psychoanalyze yourself. know thyself. it feels embarassing to ask my sisters for dating advice. cheaper times quantity times quality times speed times compounding times durability and security infinite game algo = punish bad, then give another change, repeat. keep playing with fun players make tiktoks before youtube vids. let people have a sample of you before the full ice cream cone if you wanted to work in this field, where should you move? relocation grants? application guide? is this really a problem though? is this really important though? is this really relevant though? once you try and create something you realize all the miracles of creation around you and marvel. write about fav cartoons fav anime fav film fav artists. fav digital tools fav follows on twitter now i can see taboo things as intrasexual competition sometimes "shes too young for how old he is" working on the stuff noone can take. no waste. skills. just because you earn doesnt mean you earn i got a plan, ive got support, its just a matter of time. then tell them about freelance and stuff. Network States allow you to customize your government. like a deck building game. choose your cards write about debt from a vantage point of solving it. write about errors/problems from solved status lol my sisters had girlfriends before i did. my sisters are pretty, theyll help me with preselection make a glossary for me: words that i use often that are rare words. define for people, give examples wealth creation leads to bromances leads to romances. its all the same thing. there is no seperation whats wrong with having heroes? dream team instead per part of life i focus on. for different tings. ratinggantry is for creating ranked tierlists and sharing them. embedable pics with a watermark. tier dan bilzerian says the same shit that orion says: fame is like being a woman, forced interactions etc. dont underestimate the past. its substance not time. not a 2d plane, a 3d donut? a compressed timeline? excited to get new neurons till im 25 or so. is that true? that it stops around 25. i wanna see a chart figure out an easy way to do a morning cold plunge. water chiller / ice deepfreeze + insulated tub. temu for every pod, have a checklist of things im curious about them that i havent been able to find online. get a pet mouse? cheap cool, a clear scientist pet. fuck it we ball. name it science from adventure time its their loss, employ the infinite game algo lol. deny finitude, give another chance, keep going to ♾️ the difference between the right and left is what to do about heirarchies: try to squash or let flourish 1 way broadcast, 2 way interaction, escalate bids. friendship is a gradual but potentially infinite thing go back to meta commitments and fulfill them. like talk to maddy camacho. go to busan idk check old keeps tell daniel his middle name is like he's known for having a big dick lol. Introducing Daniel "Hung" Liem! do we have dormant genes that our dna carries for our kids / genes that we turn on like haki? is jp right? leave people alone. do your own thing. as long as minimal violence minimal coercion, your ethics are fine. smarts is speed. wisdom is avoiding disaster, magic/genius is gaining super upside. bringing home mammoths worst downside = i spend the whole day or longer on this, when its not building and its not directly scifi 50 tweets. i got more where this came from, but gotta get to other things rn. got lots more. but gotta jet. omg. i can slowdate via instagram. they can get to know me, like me, then it just takes a small domino push do the same things on instagram. no more dating apps. draining. instagram is good even if you make mistakes. make an ai voice clone, ai lm clone so people can talk to me, or just dm call me and ACTUALLY talk to me lol do not bullshit yourself, there is no yesterday, there is no tomorrow. focus on the here and now, that is all i dont need money right now. ill go fast. im pushing myself to grow faster and faster. yeah im pushing myself whenever i mention someone in a tweet, at them. archive and reword smith those old tweets that could use work remember to apologize to kian and buy nucleus w dont die code when i reach 3 mags mrr. purchases based on mags. money is not unethical. one of the biggest things i had to unlearn: "money is the root of all evil / greed / etc" bucket list. make an album. go to space. el clasico. meet my dream team. of each area. name them for personal site tell harry about needing to relocate.  it seems itd make things a lot easier: finding my people. but i need monies how can i be sure that im compounding in code and media? do 100 thing, generate curate elevate. lets generate first of 5 health pillars, what needs most work? relationships. build together. male friends. female friends. girl friend. how about the more judgement you show, like upvotes, the more responsibility you get on adamsmapp.com / blueprint.map make the whoop tool a meme. huberman.timer or something. make it a meme "huberman telling you 90 mins to drink coffee" can i market w 1 screenshot? yeah the reduced export score. make it a viral share button? ask customers to refer friends ive been default hipster for so long, that liking a "normal" thing, is a hipster thing for hipsters lol. double inverse. tboi swallows libraries. just like an insight cascade aha moment in the brain. ask vervaeke or check gpt if this is true the spirit of your interest is tough to change. the manifestations may change through your life but the spirit is same. its okay that you kinda suck at the girl game. i mean its not okay, but youre progressing, acceptance is first step, etc. malfunctioning glitching streetlights. planes way to close to streetlevel. hovering above cars by magnets? parked in air. look at the irl url equivalents of url irl interactions. you cant mute block people irl, but you can leave/change location who are other anons that you can give them an avatar and an ai voice, to interview? i can also have an avatar or something when reaching out, i can tell people what i plan to do: scifi map. combining code circuits and machining, waiting on parts. just try things on for size, as long as no violence no coercion, you should be good. no risking permanent negative outcome. write about balaji's software before hardware is the right order of operations. software hardware bioware. bits atoms cells. + its okay to break past commitments only if its in service of something greater, but if not, youre just destroying self trust. also let users turn off the bannerbloom service, toggle on and off. and make sure i can track current users so i can talk to em live fast ai translation will be huge w wearables like an upgraded airpod. can set any language 2 way and itll work. make this? solve the flat metric problem, show how many followers your followers have. score your twitter account like a shallow page rank i want like 90% of people to change their idea lol. even if it succeeds, the upside isnt all that. the downside is always just 0 its a little sad when i outgrow old teachers (parents, coaches, etc.) like sensei iruka in naruto, they can only take you so far what if i hosted an event? if theres no 3rd space, host it. but for coding, building, reading? scifi tech journey? book release? sometimes you wanna do something so badly, but youre just missing a little procedural knowledge, and boom, youre off to the races women dont have perfect information, men do. we know at least half of her (physical). but women maybe can only know 33%(looks) idk. were converging, zeroing in, into saturation (no good). competition no good. whats another really good way to build energy producers? work on the 2k freelance gig with chovin too, the qr code thing. actually solve problems, fair pricing.  youll know if youre underpaid i was trained kinda by catholicism that sexy is evil. i mean beauty and attraction and being attracted is darwinian morality good. idk. i know the quest, do not squander this life with pessimism, there is so much opportunity, you just gotta knock on doors, or build doors. i want to go do my own thing, but the unknown world / new world is scary, but i know i need to do that. have courage, breathe life and fire put txitter back on home page of adampang, its where i am mostly. and remove stuff from hi page?. on blog, say im mostly mostly on twitter. dont forget the rich ones who were kind. make fav lyrics go under quotes page. call it words page. twitter link w quotes and lyrics. add pics the people who most repost you are most like you. find them with the twitter analytic dashboard app i wanna make with all the features i want reach out to cool people IG and twitter. nice people whove liked my stories and posts, on both, also parse and double down on dms, then calls. less structure for more progress: just lifting weights till it feels right, instead of "you need to do 10 seconds lifting then 10 seconds rest" people that dont like social media usually dont curate their feeds. please do that, its a great life tool. dont throw the baby out w bath water i gotta let 20% of things go badly. this is what elon is doing with his algo. if youre not adding back 20%, youre not playing life pareto optimal women are swappable, men are not. i know i can be attracted physically to any woman above a certain tier. women are constants, men are variables. science based magic system for eyeland or fiction story (choose your own adventure then pick the best one. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Cfo-BcrNLs i dont want to be nor will i be, just a startup one dimensional dude on twitter. every person is a mosaic of vectors. define vectors. (the math thread) idk if confirming music is bad or i should focus on other things. i want to engage with shadow, not reject. im more flexible like tai chi chuang vervaeke this 1 transition of the internet making things globalized is CRAZY. meaning like all minimas are now 1 global minima. no more small ponds, all one ocean im so grateful for the internet, it upgraded me. upgrading yourself is the best investment no? learning, sleep biohacking. what else? just solve problems. consider creating a structure, then people can ask me to update the structure of pulse, and people can populate and vote within each block of the structure undeniable is like spongebob i dont need it I NEED IT. you can be undeniable. if they refuse you its their loss, you should be detectably almost undeniable share the 2000s kids show playlist on ig story lol, and the singapore and only fans joke. tier list the opening and the show. from the playlist i have saved to all fam and friends who doubt trump X elon. just hold your opinion, results will validate. let the results speak for themselves. the beauty of a meritocracy what i learned from peter thiel: 0to1 thinking, definite optimism thinking, competition is for losers. tag each hero/influence with what they're known for. nah write about the game theory optimal relationship strategy: be nice to the nice. and there we have it folks, an infinite game with infinite game players. lessgo remove hi page, just add twitter ig to home page, and make a contact page with email phone? eventually embed bannerbloom and the music vibe nownownow thing too. “just solve problems” is so orienting and guiding. its a fundamental influential life principle i follow. takes the guesswork out, and orients, and compresses. ** how do we assign metrics to the landscape, to rank whats most pressing problem, why this, whos working on this. secrets. why secrets are only for the overton taboo im not trying to shit on your idea, lets just consult the heirarchy and analyze it and etc. just do what best for you and others, what more or less can you ask for? make timeline simple. in an about page, behind my profile pic on personal site. music to philosophy to sales to real estate to university to coding to atom-engineering @⁨Adam Pangelinan⁩ I need to ask you to pu raised toilet seat at Rexall for Joe. I need to call in the am first to make sure they have. Please react to this. Thank you. theres no sense in dwelling. i forgot to fix mamas water heater, but i dont have a time machine. so focus on where i point, and the extent i go, and how i spend my time how to guarantee founder product market fit thread. 2 components: founder product and product market. do you want this to exist. then test at launch if market likes product make a donate page/paypal/phantom wallet/crypto wallets/buymeacoffee, to donate to me. like: https://donate.stripe.com/6oE9DTgaf6oD0M03cc on personal site. make a patreon too just like modding in video games and platforms is good (minecraft, jailbreaks, etc. you can do it now with network states, merge to main. vitalik great point. @ them) and balaji ai instagram dating scanner. detects the photos and grades and gives recommendations. app. shows what the most followed on instagram people do. win off socials to win on socials. make anchormarianas more deletes, and make it more clear what it is, and where the products are. each product will have a card with a tag "productivity" and an emoji as the logo. i know im of the same tier/caliber as these great people, its just theyre further along their vector paths, so all i gotta do is go step by step along my vector, and ill join them :) i need to relocate. id wanna go texas, then station there. i need cash for debt, i need an idea to apply to funders with. a good plan is prepared for it all to go wrong and all right what if we went into the future in bubbles, then the world got connected, and sudden status drops happened, which was traumatic. now we stabilize and churn and mix and permeate. like fluids if the scifi quest and kids arent exciting me. what matters to me rn is the previous dominos, male friends female friends girlfriend. how to get male friends? build show tell. its connected. if you disagree, tell me please, i wanna make this better, where its like this ultimate ikigai venn diagram thats personalized while mapping onto base reality/physics, philosophy, ethics, etc. look into using crypto for payments. solana usdc could reduce the stripe fees. for all startups add a phantom wallet option? check if stripe uses crypto? or make the stripe for crypto payments. every problem is a vector with a goal state. once you win a game, STOP PLAYING. please dont waste your life with overshooting. theres a bigger game awaiting you. do not be trapped by lesser games flow is coupling you and truth, feels good to have an aha moment an insight cascade because it frees up working memory and compresses past andor future problems. you know what to do more and more im trying to not take it personally, needy. but i know its gonna change, just a matter of time. my slope is a lot better, but yeah i still have moments of healthy doubts. its a need, so go get em storytime threads. add pics and links. write about bamboo ladder, wanting to leave highschool. existential crisis. philosophy club harvard ethics cc philosophy. set me on a 8-9 year journey to now what if i reached out to people more with my plans, then they can help me build. does it have to be build show tell in that order? or can i reach out to people and if they play along, they can help me. check build folder for machinist ideas. check with shawn if I HAVE to buy a class and membership. what he thinks. tell him im brainstorming a good problem combining coding circuits and material processing compounding is when you play hands that earn new cards. when usage of resources earn more resources. resources, pointed at the right problems, with the right knowledge, solves it. problem-solving + distribution get good at translating propositional to perspectival: usually takes seeing the propositional info in a new way, usually embodied, usually 3d or visual or something. truth is one food that comes in many flavors just like job opportunities, dont depend on any one girl, just make good dating decisions and the details will fall into place. as long as youre getting the gestalt and pareto things right. see dating science keep beauty/aesthetics are semi-objective. people's perceptions differ, and a person's genes want certain other genes. puzzle pieces want their fitting piece. i myself don't want a similar gened person, i want mixed kids make a sunrise feature in the huberman app, notifies you when its sunrise, and notifies you when to have your coffee. mobile app? might have to rebrand away from huberman, might have to use coffee.remind or something life port asap. i got 300 some on credit. another 500 bucks should be coming in. and i just got 80 bucks cash from grammy. min payments and life payments determine the timeline. money leads asap. i gotta finish these tweets asap remember the deutschian frame, dont be mimetic, do not look around to others, only look up to God, remember that whatever does not break the laws of physics is possible, dont let anyone explicitly or implicitly break this frame for you outputs just come from inputs, but figure out whats in the black box between i and o. problem=o is not where it needs to be. understand=figure out whats in the box. action=change i to change o. insert picture of i o and box in the middle i learned permissioned vs permissionless the hard way. i got rejected over and over, so now ive been focusing on meritous things i can do WITHOUT people's permission, all on my own. and then it makes permissioned things easier down the road adamsmapp is about crowd building out a tech tree like a video game, but real life. check if that exists. and what trees we want to go down, and what costs. not too granular though idk. we can crowd rate the difficulty on each, give benchmarks. i love me a good curated list. guides should feel like cheatsheets, like youre harry potter and youre opening the half blood prince's notebook. everyone else is following the old paradigm, but youve got the secret sauce. share it only with who you like. write about s tier math analogies, thread it under the one piece math tweet. show visualizations of practical math concepts (right angle for sports passing in soccer), gradient ascent for problems/goals/competition. the vectorized gru meme despicable me make the podcast platform that i wanted. both have creative control of exporting. can turn on or off video, can create avatars, can use vocal effects or totally new ai voices, like the dwarkesh gwern pod. and you can just queue up to have a live convo with anyone like how i met ana on that kpop app. on everyy landing page page, show who its for, what it does, what change it makes in their lives, before the buy button. show why they need it. andor tell my story, the problem i had, the solution i made (what it does/features), and what change it made in my life. this will convince them to try it too just be surrounded by hot girls and youll be desensitized and serendipity maxxing. how? irl matters, and target rich environments. where on guam? maybe i gotta move but where here? the good thing is that land/irl is still pond based sorta, but ONLY on the wealth matrix. notice that all the hot girls can move, because guys will pay for them >come up with idea to work on with shawn machinist. i like how guys just can come together modularly and befriend easily. i like how humans can interface across genetic boundaries. i mean were all mateable to each other. as long as humans dont over mix, mixing is fine. some cultures like asia are super homogenous, so they can have that covered. the wheat will be seperated from the chaff. youre mixed, not all wheat or chaff, but you can challenge yourself (max pain, max transformation(thats actually how the brain works for plasticity)). you can accelerate this change, and be as wheat as you can before the flood. your flood. you control right here right now, that is all. by painting what you dont control in color, you mislead yourself down roads you shouldnt go down, you bullshit yourself, keep to the straight and narrow. or winding, who knows its shape write about how i made my first internet dollar a few days ago. i went from zero to one, i proved to myself that i could connect the links in the value chain and bring value to the market. it felt great, it was a milestone id been going after for a while. write about the x and y axis of app ideas and how i wanted to go from idea to market along the x axis, and come up with good ideas along the y axis, and now that i have length on both sides, i can repeat the formula and "color it all in" now its just a matter of time and runway write about psychadelic experience. what i saw, import notes from that time. and how i felt the frames of life coming back. and how identity/ego is one of the last parts to life that come back into frame, first its just pure being at the core. identity is a wrapper. i saw things, but i know they're not "real", theyre symbolic more like. the fact that jobs and elon both have tried psychadelics is telling. but do not take it casually, only if you need it (depression / super stuckness in life). and follow wisdom from modern psychological findings, and ancient time tested ritual wisdom around it. also see the eliusinian mysteries.\n\n