immediate relevance is great for flow\n\nclear goals, immediate feedback, challenge-skills balance\n\n~ flow 4 pillars: (put on curation) struggle, release, flow, recovery\n\nlearning how to harness games and flow: clear goals immediate feedback challenge skills balance\n\nim mind walking through the idea maze first, then my body will do it. thoughts die so we dont have to. flow is immediate thought to action, tightly coupled, like in surfing or soccer or sport\n\nyou only get depressed and anxious when my problem-solving is stifled. thats where the "unfun" comes from, the unflow, the anti-flow. but to get flow back: clear goals, immediate feedback, challenge skills balance\n\n- how can i make the problem->goal state game more fun? - simplicity simplicity simplicity - how can i have more clear goals, immediate feedback, and challenge-skills balance, for top problems that matter, to flow-maxx in life? - im already dead, this is just a bonus :) - don't waste your time (your life points), only focus on the timeless, the HELL YEAHs of life - play in life. flow in life. child-like, not child-ish.. - question. delete. optimize. accelerate. automate. - remember that all these problems are solvable. make it a game, frame things smaller for smaller domino changes, enjoy the game while youre playing. consider the speedrunners. - imperfections guide improvement. live in the spirit of flow - what you need is flow. so make break life into small games by framing situations in a flow way - i can get good at every game im playing (money game, love game, ns game, masculinity/family game) - dont despair, repair! by dwelling, you miss the opportunity. seek to understand and act! enjoy! flow! play the game! - if you can understand, you begin to intervene - find the path of least resistance - all these problems in life can be solved :) these imperfections show you where you can improve. explanations and experiments. conjecture and criticism to account for errors and reality\n\n