just learn. curiosity and relevance dont lie, or at least they self correct with enough time



invest in things that will change peoples lives. that is the definition of wealth: transformations\n\ninvest in convictions\n\nemployment is a noisy metric, but i get it\n\nallocate from buy keep, investments and all\n\ninvest in people like stocks, buy few and hodl\n\ncan you invest in people? like the unincorporated man.\n\nwhat repeats is deep. if it repeats or is influential, improve it\n\ncan we invest in PEOPLE? then we can invest in people and make money\n\nother creative projects and buy keeps investments for capital allocation\n\ninvest in things that will change peoples lives. that is the definition of wealth: transformations\n\nlook into stripe atlas investments, christian canlas wants to invest, also maybe jon ulloa lets see\n\ntaking small steps, over and over, day in day out. have momentum move you. small experiments, momentum\n\nwe are all investors. resources is not just money. time attention dopamine reach/fame/visibility, etc.\n\ncompounding can look like: invest x to get more x helping invest more. or fix once and it benefits you forever\n\nwith investments, you can lose 1x, and win 1000x. so you can afford 1000x investments but just need to win once..\n\ninvest in what you understand. through capital, you can BUY OTHER PEOPLES TIME, so through judgement, the leverage works well\n\nperson Kamal Ravikant Rolling Fund rolling funds are just like mc2 finance. you invest in someone else and their investments..\n\nits better to work on something else and retain flow and momentum than to get all caught up in all or nothing cartilage friction\n\nleveraging capital with investing in energy gas manufacturing. like do I HAVE to work inside those mission, or can i help allocate for the tech value chain\n\nafter i make capital, invest and create a fund with civ tech tree branches of projects i wish to see made. find or make em, and ill invest. show me what you make\n\ntell mama about the ns points thing. so 1 year cliff 4 year vest. solve wealth right there on Feb 19, 2025 at 6:00 PM - 6:30 PM figure this out. timeline map out this thing\n\ninvestment shouldnt be exactly about noticing upward trend of investment, like a stock price, it should be about conviction and substance and explanatory conviction in your explanatory mental scaffolding\n\nif you achieve the same success THEN you can inherit.  thats a great fuckin rule, it means the cash will be in s&p after my death, and IF my son achieves my success (marketcap or whatever) the funds will be released. if he reaches the market cap at the point where i died or the point where i retired? or maybe if he idk... think about this more\n\nuse angellist for crowdinvesting. wait, you dont need to IPO with legacy investing, you can do it all onchain, a ledger of what desired share price, then you raise funds and take equity in the project, crowd investing, how do you keep the market price dynamic? i should be able to turn on notifications, have a dial for how much im selling each percentage share, etc. people can sell their shares too. i just want a crypto loan i think, i need my equity.\n\ncan we invest in PEOPLE? then we can invest in people and make money\n\nother creative projects and buy keeps investments for capital allocation\n\nwhen you got capital you can befriend and invest in friends who have luck type 4\n\nsave a bit, each dollar above 0 going into different currencies like solana bitcoin eth\n\nive surpassed certain masters/coaches: mama, tf, articulate this on heroes spreadsheet. my starting 5 are still OP and far beyond me along my vectors, i havent surpassed TF in wealth but in knowledge i think\n\nget a dopamine monitor? or a daily survey easy rating how day went and optional why or comment. then a dashboard over time. measurement hypothesis and feedback. basically what comes to mind today about whats wrong and whats right in life. this creates an axis. like i need wealth and i like the sg trip. dont go and go poles\n\nuse angellist for crowdinvesting. wait, you dont need to IPO with legacy investing, you can do it all onchain, a ledger of what desired share price, then you raise funds and take equity in the project, crowd investing, how do you keep the market price dynamic? i should be able to turn on notifications, have a dial for how much im selling each percentage share, etc. people can sell their shares too. i just want a crypto loan i think, i need my equity.\n\n