---
title: "insecurity."
slug: "insecurity"
---

should you share these? back to the TMI online topic.

for a long time ive been insecure about my height. im 5'5.5

back to stoicism, its not really something i chose, so why worry about it?

also. i feel like people will leave me. either i need to change, i cant be myself. idk i wont NOT be myself, AND i know when i need to change to improve

i feel like i have to impress them for them to like me. but again, make decisions so I LIKE I, do not look around to others, only up to God
make it so that if the directory already exists, dont do anything, if there is no md for an existing directory, delete it. faster batch processing\n\nput a home button in the batch script so theres always a way to go home, above the title\n\nsecurity is border security..\n\nif theres a private channel, dont use a public channel\n\nintegrity: you wont fuck others over. you play infinity\n\nput a home button in the batch script so theres always a way to go home, above the title\n\nresolve: [Action required] Resolve a security issue to continue processing. stripe email\n\nmake the batch script convert any link to its markdown equivalent. fix the spacing and line breaks\n\ncheck that google password manager change password app idea again. integrates with haveibeenpwned api?\n\ndo a haveibeenpwned crawler on all your google passwords. also help generate new passwords to each. this is diversification of security.\n\nmake it so that if the directory already exists, dont do anything, if there is no md for an existing directory, delete it. faster batch processing\n\nyou can name drop, and be a social climber, or you can let the work speak for itself. integrity! artistic integrity. how to make money though.. explan all my problems\n\nintegrity: you wont fuck others over. you play infinity\n\nis it possible for me to put a script in WALL folder that will auto convert files to pngs? jpgs or jpegs. make this tool\n\nwrite a script that will scan a markdown file and turn every link and picture link into its visual form at the markdown end state\n\nmake an app that takes all your chrome passwords, passes it through haveibeenpwned, then generates new passwords for you to update w\n\ndo a haveibeenpwned crawler on all your google passwords. also help generate new passwords to each. this is diversification of security.\n\nmake the haveibeenpwned app and make a guide make it easy to defend themselves online and have good internet hygeine. write about internet hygeine. write about framing internet fame. love frame discussions.\n\nself description: i floss. fun facts blog post. topic tags (like adamtomas). make a super easy elegant customized txt or markdown to html script, that i can individually fire on any blog. and can rate +2-2 on any vector\n\n