love is free to give.

how do we make immigration easier for america? whos in charge of it? what does the current process look like? what can be deleted? yet another network state benefit

self driving is great for kid dropoff pickup, no need to own

self driving is great for kid dropoff pickup, no need to own\n\nim tired of being in the stands, im going into the arena. shouldnt even say it. show dont tell\n\nbuy a chinese ebike\n\nyour heroes are with you\n\nyou are a force of nature\n\ncars and planes are miracles\n\nplanes and cars are miracles\n\ndamn waris and his wife are inspo..\n\nmake that flat metric internet visualizer\n\nmake a visualization of radar analogy for fame\n\nyou will only go as big as you allow yourself to dream\n\nyou are selling the positive transformation in someone's life\n\ncombine your genius with your courage and boom! magic happens.\n\nmake skill supply for nana cars and encourage both sides to use\n\n+ if i dont need to take an opportunity, ill keep shooting for my highest conception\n\nim seeking catharsis. finishing something, which requires progress and transformation\n\nhow do you know which experiences will elicit the positive or negative transformations?\n\ncrowdfund bikes. just buy 1 bike for myself to go to and from the coworking. dead simple\n\nexpress authentic high quality vibes, and thatll attract a highly authentic quality tribe\n\nmake a follower visualizer to translate prop knowledge of mag math to perpectival feeling\n\nns could get an electric ferry like that one company on Apr 25, 2025 at 8:30 AM - 9:00 AM\n\n"the role of the teacher is to first not put out the fire. we are all born with the fire"\n\n“youre selling a transformation, that is wealth. problem solving / positive transformations”\n\nphysical transformation, mental transformation, social transfromation, wallet transformation\n\nphysical transformation, mental transformation, social transfromation, wallet transformation\n\ni just realized everyone has potential in them. think more like ben franklin. build people up..\n\nlets learn from our heroes, lets win and help win. mutual improvement. the slope and y int of all people\n\ni wont kill myself, and so if im gonna play this game of life, i am determined to live an excellent life..\n\nexemplars are examples along problem vectors, i see myself in them (where they are the statue, i am the marble)\n\nif i want to be friends with heroes, i need to be heroic. to be friends with your heroes, you need to be heroic.\n\nonce you meet admirable people and see that you have that in you too, it gets you so fired up to be admirable too\n\npeople admire other people because of their positive differences, not because of their sameness. repost rick rubin\n\ni have heroes but i cant pedastalize them much if i want to be friends with them eventually. i gotta reach their tier\n\neven elon cannot buy a second of his time back. but he can buy a ton of other people's time. + transformations not time.\n\ni cant help everyone, i cant prevent pain, but i can try to live the best life i can, and awaken the giants within people\n\ni cant help everyone, i cant prevent pain, but i can try to live the best life i can, and awaken the giants within people\n\nif we can connect with the singapore via grab and the 5 minute ferry. this will be insane.. on Apr 23, 2025 at 11:00 AM - 11:30 AM\n\nhow do you solve traffic or is always induced demand? make it walkable bikeable solar panel shades. uhh. cars buses and a train station\n\npeople and gifts will come out of the woodworks, the positive unknown. guardian angels. theres good in this world, and its worth fighting for\n\nyeah i still need no foreign fees and able to do cash withdrawal, charge a fee for easy ns onboarding? its like immigration into a new country\n\nwhat are NON risky things that i can stabilize my life with? idk. i dont want to waste time. dont think about time, think about transformations\n\ni wish to live an honorable life. i have unconditional love for life, no matter how hard things get i will choose to live. life is too beautiful to give up.\n\nof all your heroes, study their beginnings. put down the story when the protagonist passes you on the path. the whole point is for transformational truth not mere truth.\n\nalso visualize the 600 people i burned bridges with, AT WORST. and then visualize 1k, 10k, 100k 1 mil, 10 mil 100 mil 1 bil, see the difference, and put things into true perspective. the path to peace is truth.\n\nmake the digital to physical visualizer. 3 people liking your thing is a big thing irl, why not url? heres a visualizer (better with vr), to see really how big these internet numbers are. math is hard to visualize.\n\ni wanna be able to 3d visualize my posts, see the whole graph of it all. 2d and 3d. make an app? pay usage billing, and discount for bulk. not that expensive. maybe visa will pay 50 bucks idk, for a great ass visualization.\n\nheroes are people higher than you on your problem vectors. learn from your heroes. understand like your heroes. act like your heroes. meet your heroes in the goal states. and now stop playing that vector's game, be free, solve your problems.\n\ni wish there was a solana for real world traffic, no gas fees, more transactions per second=more car throughout. how do you do in real world? consolidation of people, building up with flying cars or multilevel transport, and building down with tunnels. engineers who have detection haki of seeing value and first principles and leverage etc, learned to see, you can see the first principles you see the genius targets. you can build up and make a new ground lowkey, like multilevel concrete roads, sinulated daytime windows and all, spaces. but real uv and sun and all that is hard to fake\n\nmake a visualization of generate curate elevate with compounding\n\nwho are your heroes slideshow? gallery of pics. make one. who are your pillar exemplars?\n\nlky is so fucking inspirational i wanna cry watching his iron speech it resonates so much\n\nmake a follower visualizer to translate prop knowledge of mag math to perpectival feeling\n\nexemplars are examples along problem vectors, i see myself in them (where they are the statue, i am the marble)\n\nhow do you solve traffic or is always induced demand? make it walkable bikeable solar panel shades. uhh. cars buses and a train station\n\nwatch that optimistic indian movie about the teacher teaching tech and maths. people wanna rise and empower themelves. the human spirit is indominable\n\nshould i turn my privat notes into a visa-style thread graph? yes. figure out how he searches and shit. can you make a circular thread? can you make twitter 3d? visualize threads on threads?\n\ni wish there was a solana for real world traffic, no gas fees, more transactions per second=more car throughout. how do you do in real world? consolidation of people, building up with flying cars or multilevel transport, and building down with tunnels. engineers who have detection haki of seeing value and first principles and leverage etc, learned to see, you can see the first principles you see the genius targets. you can build up and make a new ground lowkey, like multilevel concrete roads, sinulated daytime windows and all, spaces. but real uv and sun and all that is hard to fake\n\n