ig eye sleep, eat sleep wake song
ig pickle. pickle rick
ig protein creatine. bryan johnson

its like the ethics of the invisible hand. selfish interest that leads to postive outcomes for others. thats good incentive design

ethical productive incentive design from the beginning, im realizing, is super important in certain areas

intentional mimesis. upfront incentives. as long as youre deliberate. like i want this, because this, because this. be honest. then surround yourself with people who also want that pie, then grow the pie together\n\nethical productive incentive design from the beginning, im realizing, is super important in certain areas\n\nacheck mike mcguinness. interview him?\n\ninterview dmr ceo for the wealth part?\n\ninterview the side characters: henry langmack\n\n“interview people by having them doing things”\n\nupfront incentive design is soooooooooo important.\n\ntry to interview the founders of the products i like most.\n\ni have a more calibrated sense of what place ns has in my life, and the broader world..\n\nns im def learning more than university, but more than the internet? idk. its the internet made manifest\n\nethical productive incentive design from the beginning, im realizing, is super important in certain areas\n\nits like the ethics of the invisible hand. selfish interest that leads to postive outcomes for others. thats good incentive design\n\nhow can open source or decentralized projects retain the same selfish incentive structures of companies? if it has a coin sure it works, but what else? or if its a hobby like linux\n\ni forget my tools and insights, have to rediscover/inventio. what returns is sacred. you must be open to being wrong. give yourself permission to fail, but obviously try to succeed, unless you need perfectionism logotherapy\n\ndont you see your incentives? dont you see their incentives? no need for conspiracy, just follow the incentives. + upfront incentive design. remove incentives through getting what you need, then youll know its authentic/real\n\ninterviewing the best is really useful, it sucks that its an opportunity cost for them but maybe it also untangles for them, its dialogos. but other than that it also brings the up and comers up to speed more, so you can make more elons etc\n\nfind a way to speak with arya more. make a list of questions that im curious about her on. things i cant find already on internet or things i want to dig more on. a good podcast host paints out the person fuller\n\n