spot2you is specific knowledge and authentic\n\nknowledge, resources, leverage, transformations\n\nimmediate feedback: test and see. generate knowledge\n\nthe closer you are to source, the less memorization needed.\n\npeople who lack explanatory knowledge lack seeing opportunity\n\nuseful = problem-solving. knowledge creation for transformations\n\ntimeless knowledge dissimination is wealth dissimination is life dissimination\n\ndavid deutsch talks about transformations and knowledge, he's super relevant here\n\ndissiminators/curators can sorta substitute for the book theyve digested they teach the gist\n\nwith the right relevant understanding/explanations, i feel more and more peace, because knowledge is power\n\nthe closer you are to source, the less memorization is needed. + the closer you are to source, the less opinions are considered.\n\nknowledge and resources. like oil isnt a resource to a caveman, because they dont have the tech stack, talk about the tech chain\n\nfrom deutsch, through naval, i learned the current theory of everything. knowledge, wealth creation, etc resources, value link connections\n\nwhen knowledge creation is limited, so is wealth creation, and so is the quantity and quality of life itself. its very clear what we must do\n\nknowledge skills connections locations. code media capital labor leverage. solving problems with solutions with teams with skills using deutschian knowledge\n\nyou pay for knowledge, not products and services. society will pay you for what you know how to do and what they dont. i dont know how to make clothes, so i pay temu for their knowledge. a product = knowledge * action. i dont know how to make a car, so i pay tesla for a car. and on the other side of the economic table, if i know something that society doesnt, through action i can transmutate knowledge and action into products, and with leverage i get scale, i can become wealthy (rich) and solve my money problems. resources are things we create through knowledge, that are means to solving problems.\n\npeople who lack explanatory knowledge lack seeing opportunity\n\ntimeless knowledge dissimination is wealth dissimination is life dissimination\n\ndissiminators/curators can sorta substitute for the book theyve digested they teach the gist\n\nmeeting those people at ns was a diamond mine in their minds. because knowledge is wealth lagged\n\nwith the right relevant understanding/explanations, i feel more and more peace, because knowledge is power\n\nyou can know something on different levels. my fav is explanatory knowledge, prop to perspectival. participatory is most elusive or its simple huh. you know how to act properly in all scenarios, youve hit source or something\n\nyou pay for knowledge, not products and services. society will pay you for what you know how to do and what they dont. i dont know how to make clothes, so i pay temu for their knowledge. a product = knowledge * action. i dont know how to make a car, so i pay tesla for a car. and on the other side of the economic table, if i know something that society doesnt, through action i can transmutate knowledge and action into products, and with leverage i get scale, i can become wealthy (rich) and solve my money problems. resources are things we create through knowledge, that are means to solving problems.\n\n