to be able to render intelligible

you always understand more than you are able to speak

babel is unanimous, and therefore fragile

give examples at every deutsch concept\n\nwords are incredibly loaded and often lossy\n\nfind other words for loaded terms, or coin a term\n\ncomprehensible input w languages is relevance again\n\nspeak as many languages as i can. know what people want\n\nlearn some mandarin. conversational mandarin. but also universal translator. FAST\n\ndont be accent biased. esl sound too stupid, british sound too smart. but the brain actually can be legit. see how they speak in their native tongue.\n\nif you wanna learn a language, learn the alphabet, listen to the songs, watch shows you genuinely like. english japanese korean. now i wanna learn mandarin hindi\n\nwords are memes and require definition with even MORE words. its like the meaning is found in other meanings. some words are axiomatic, some words are glue and abstractions\n\nwhat are the most valuable languages to learn? (univ fsc  translators withstanding). and which languages?ire seople most le rning? and why to both? probably cultural appreciation like korean japanese french etc. some people learn languages for business purposes\n\nspeak as many languages as i can. know what people want\n\nwrite about the load bearing words/phrases = * etc lol tbd etc\n\nthere are different languages besides english: body, code, math, etc\n\nlearn some mandarin. conversational mandarin. but also universal translator. FAST\n\nif you wanna learn a language, learn the alphabet, listen to the songs, watch shows you genuinely like. english japanese korean. now i wanna learn mandarin hindi\n\nwe need to break apart words into nuanced versions to minimize misunderstanding, the default state of communication. if the concept warrants a forking of the word\n\nwords are memes and require definition with even MORE words. its like the meaning is found in other meanings. some words are axiomatic, some words are glue and abstractions\n\nfor language learning, also find the most 100 most common words and drill it, with ai conversational tutor or something. or just fast universal translator. we need convo flow too\n\nso funny how words can have multiple definitions and diff languages have diff words that describe things not on english conceptual radar, or english hasnt articulated, so we adopt\n\nfor people where english isnt their first language, they can seem more stupid than they are. ive seen multiple french people who sound stupid in english lol, but their actions, and when they speak in native language, say otherwise\n\nwhat are the most valuable languages to learn? (univ fsc  translators withstanding). and which languages?ire seople most le rning? and why to both? probably cultural appreciation like korean japanese french etc. some people learn languages for business purposes\n\n