being embarassing online isnt the goal, but im willing to right? why? building relationships at scale? building leverage around what?\n\nmy history with gatekeeprs and permissioned stuffs. hate it, gonna go side door, circumvent this shit. im getting leverage the permissionless way. the world will open up to me\n\nwith gatekeeper after gatekeeper. yes its permissionless leverage. anything else besides code and media? lemme max out both first. code is rarer\n\ncode and media maxxing. build leverage, then 1 buy button moves mountains. brick by brick leverage.\n\na body of work of leverage allows for both reach and parasocial depth\n\nwork on the wealth setup, the love setup, the leverage, where ill have options. be do have.\n\neven a bit of value online can scale to the size of the internet, which is growing. leverage.\n\ni think naval is right, with leverage you can “outwork”, but its gotta be pointed in the right direction\n\nwhen your hire or delegate to machine, you buy or program another entities time, spreading out substance and reach using leverage\n\nif youre gonna become famous, have it be for doing what you do, not because you WANT TO. im considering it for permissionless leverage\n\nwith gatekeeper after gatekeeper. yes its permissionless leverage. anything else besides code and media? lemme max out both first. code is rarer\n\npoint your leverage to each other. idk what the new forms of leverage will be... humanoids? that is basically labor leverage, like 3d printers gen fab\n\nPrioritize Scalable Ventures: Focus on building the blog and indie hacking store, as these offer scalability and align with Naval’s advice on permissionless leverage.\n\nare there more leverage ways than labor capital code and media? its just anything where judgement is a lever so it works while youre not attending to it. BUT you need to actually solve people's problems to provide value to your fellow human. and with media, that builds a reputation and trust with people (so called audience)\n\nleverage is a force multipler. judgement is choosing the right buttons, the right dominos, and why. as a funny analogy, there are people in the world that can push 1 button, say 1 word, and a nuke across the world can be sent and blow up a city. you get the point. tiny inputs and colossal outputs are real in this day and age. the age of infinite leverage\n\n- permissionless code and media leverage. specific knowledge. accountability. problem-solving. low supply (specific knowledge), high demand (top problems). leverage (scalable). accountability (no competition). - dial up coding. problems solutions communities marketing sales. - what who where - what would this look like if it were easy? - can you do 1? just one rep? - just feel. just flow. - ideally, make money with just your mind, leverage does ALL the heavy lifting. - "time carries the weight."\n\n