we will bring in the best knowledge and people and projects, wherever it is. we are meritocratic in y-intercept and slope\n\nmix memes not just genes\n\nno one:. balaji: "idear"\n\nso we are embodied memes?\n\nmimesis is meme collection\n\nmake the “althea-neen” meme\n\nalso at ns id find mentorship\n\nautist x artist handshake meme repost\n\nmemes are much more maleable than genes\n\nmake the david senra histreesgreatestentreeprenersads meme\n\nso many ns shawshank memes: fresh fish, we depend on these walls\n\nmake a founding daddies meme haha. sexy rushmore. balaji papi haha\n\nmake a founding daddies meme haha. sexy rushmore. balaji papi haha\n\nns matters? haha: https://x.com/jawwwn_/status/1938597089614635264\n\ndo the 100 products thread. astounding products meme. after 1 is polished and mrr?\n\nevolution ran genes, now with brains, we run an evolution emulator with memes. memes on genes.\n\ni notice there are a lot of surface level people here at NS, they dont have the founder mentality\n\nfind people higher on my problem vectors and apprentice under them. blake anderson, zach yadegari.\n\nreligion is a memeplex of evolutionary baldwin effect wisdom, that most people make API calls to LOL\n\nwe will bring in the best knowledge and people and projects, wherever it is. we are meritocratic in y-intercept and slope\n\ndigital coworking space would be nice. a digital penguin cafe hangout spot like a discord but with proximity voice and lectures, a physical-like space, but online, like metaverse shit\n\n