---
title: "🔥meaning."
slug: "meaning"
---

what do you want to exist even if you dont?

and

how much are you affecting that?learning is about relevance

relevance is the key to learning

when you learn the fundamentals of a system, you can rederive solutions from the ground up

learning is all about relevance\n\nlearning is about relevance\n\ngive awesome resources to learn certain things. cheatsheets\n\nrelevance is the key to learning\n\n"learn in spirals"\n\nmusic heals. its hella cathartic\n\nFinish one pace, read the manga?...\n\njust continuously learn in free markets\n\nerrors are fuel for better understanding\n\ni love learning new good things on my radar\n\nthis is an emotionally-charged learning experience\n\ntimeless learning from youtube is NEVER wasted time\n\nrelearn from anything you want and your music and people\n\nthe closer you are to source, the less memorization needed\n\nthe closer you are to source, the less memorization needed\n\noperate at + learn as you need: just in time vs just in case\n\ndetection: learning and understanding a system, develop taste by eating more\n\nPeople don’t see the power law, the principles == teaching, and them truly learning\n\nclean cars outside inside. deep clean so its fuckable. on Feb 8, 2025 at 3:30 PM - 4:00 PM\n\njust learn. curiosity and relevance dont lie, or at least they self correct with enough time\n\nclean cars and outside and living room and room. make it fuckable on Feb 5, 2025 at 8:00 AM - 8:30 AM\n\nyour learning in an area is done when boredom kicks in. fun and flow is when you are exploring a space\n\n- learning is almost never a waste of time, its arguably the most positive slope thing you can do, right?\n\nlearn from airtasker, its founder, the videos i can find, user experiences on youtube etc. internet learning\n\nyou unlearn by learning, its like if you have dirty water in a cup, you can clean it up by pouring more and more clean water in\n\nyou unlearn by learning, its like if you have dirty water in a cup, you can clean it up by pouring more and more clean water in\n\nyou can do inner debugging, self therapy self healing whatever. self debugging, its been lifechanging so far i hope it continues lol\n\nunderstand the gist, the summary, and double click where you want even more understanding. i think books are just one form factor of learning resources. i like LMs youtube X etc.\n\nif you only tell people the output but dont bring them along the chain of reasoning, the mental scaffolding to that explanation/outcome, theyll think youre crazy for thinking saying that\n\nSelective Learning: Consider the additive concrete home training if it adds a valuable skill to your portfolio. Weigh the GTA software job against its potential for learning and networking.\n\nknowledge wealth life has induced demand. you make kids as much as you can afford to. instant meaning. something beyond you you want to exist. whats my answer? based on my life plans and all?\n\nmeaning has to do with asking the right questions. what are they? the meaning question has to do with something beyond you. what do you want to exist even if you dont, and how much are you affecting that?\n\nmeaning making should be a great area of study. check vervaeke and peterson for that. meaning equation: what do you want to exist without you? and how much are you affecting that. answer 1 * answer 2 = meaning amount\n\nstart with the problem (wow deutsch and elon match), not the first principles of all things. also because learning is all about relevance. relevance is flow too, which is optimal both for learning and meaning in this new godless* age\n\ntaleb's antifragile hydra is like tboi more failures like ldrago actually IMPROVE understanding, its more data points for understanding / learning. forgive yourself and USE the failure to your advantage (upgrading your understanding / learning)\n\nforever unfinished, imperfect, improvable. idk if imperfect is a useful frame. im really interested in frames now cause visa and vervaeke. it makes sense to make games and stories and myths and make sense and meaning out of life and be in flow more.\n\nwhat do you want to exist even if you dont exist? and how much are you affecting that? if you have a good answer to both of these questions, youll have meaning. something beyond you that youre working on/toward. usually its god or children or mission etc.\n\nwrite about how learning is about relevance is about problems. link in elon's life should be like a video game, and teach to the problem not the tool. nothing against math physics cs, but only learn them IF you need them. because obviously if you dont need them, then its a waste. unless you just genuinely enjoy it then okay.\n\nthe cool thing about learning is that you can permanently upgrade your life. like leaerning about health wealth wisdom bromance romance, you leaern it once and it creates more time. the question is whats the time to ROI? like if you learn about longevity, for every second you spend learning, how long till you make back that second in terms of life longevity?\n\nim here to learn. im learning a lot. and the cool thing about curating people is that people curate info automatically, that is relevant to them. you can learn so much straight from people. it can be hard sometimes to get relevant emergent positive unknown info to get to you. different algos surface different info. and some info hasnt been put online yet(shy people dont post haha)\n\nim here to learn. im learning a lot. and the cool thing about curating people is that people curate info automatically, that is relevant to them. you can learn so much straight from people. it can be hard sometimes to get relevant emergent positive unknown info to get to you. different algos surface different info. and some info hasnt been put online yet(shy people dont post haha)\n\n