men fish women hunt\n\nignore women, for more women\n\nhow would we progress, and in what order?\n\n"men are the gas, women are the brakes" haha\n\nwhat is the path to the first digital country / cloud nation\n\nsend each new song to ryan and greg and deathcab dude. who else is musical on my ig?\n\nremove /solve bottlenecks on your problem vectors, to your goal states. both understanding and action.\n\nfigure out a setup where i can be around super attractive women, all the time, so i can be desensitized\n\ninvite arjun. invite young cute girls? how to attract em lol. health beauty yoga whatever. romina fashion show lol and wardrobe audits\n\ni can follow guys i admire, women will follow me, THEY want it that way anyway.. to be the "adorer" omg what a world we live in this is crazy..\n\nfrom wealth i can go from url to irl, so thats lifestyle\n\nretirement is when you dont sacrifice today for some imaginary tomorrow\n\nwomen just wait at the finish line and fuck the winners lol. they dont care how you got there\n\nwhen im veering off the calm mind fit body house of love path, i know im off, this is wisdom.\n\nhard rules about what NOT to share. should this be internal or external? a keep or a blog post?\n\nwe gotta learn relevant historical learnings as to not repeat mistakes outside of living memory\n\nwow everyones gonna be an investor, shows up in someones wallet. like the incorporated man. read that\n\nlearn from the people ahead of you on your problem vectors: wealth = elon, friendship = sivers, romance =\n\ndont give attention to a woman, its the same thing as if a woman gave sex to a man. i like symmetry: balaji does this orion does this\n\n