defense tech has funding from government and new physical and software tech. i mean it does protect against america lowkey an s tier mission. we cant get longevity manufacturing energy gas space without USA staying intact from within and without. anduril would be a great move.

jordan peterson is so funny sometimes when he gets mad

you can be novel in aggregation. no new lego blocks, but a new combination, a new potion\n\nget ugg slippers\n\nget uggs slippers\n\nits like zootopia\n\nall sizes fits all\n\nget a denim jacket\n\ngood explanations account\n\ndont worry about runway, worry about lift\n\navatar the last airbender behind the scenes\n\ngive society what it does not know how to make, at scale\n\ndemand is created when a new means of problem solving appears\n\nsometimes complex coordination is the moat and the innovation,\n\nknowledge innovations, moral innovations, operation innovation\n\nthey disable thought, they don't allow you to even question it!\n\na new market begins with hidden problems: "i didnt know i needed this"\n\nneed more quantity or quality rn? more generation curation or elevation\n\ncreate an ideasbugs thing on every bottom right corner of every product\n\nyou can get to the frontier by copying, but you cant push it by copying.\n\ncheck all my ideas, google sheet etc. how does elon come up with his project ideas?\n\ni can always create i can always curate i can always innovate. 1 dimension. 2 dimension. 3 dimension.\n\nsilicon valley and the human spirit of innovation isnt a geographical place, its a boundless spirit of life\n\nwith new tools, new problems are able to be solved. i read somewhere that sips and pips were both viable for wealth creation projects\n\nwrite about after network states get diplomatic recognition, what super cool stuff is now possible, like crypto marriages and prenups, less regulation so so much more innovation..\n\nill take what the indiehackers do and elevate, like OG soccer players came up with innovations and playbook from first principles frontier navigation, then i can build on the giants and be a giant\n\nns solves the where and the who. but not the WHAT. thats what were working on, the WHAT. the bootcamp is the HOW. what is play to me, work to others? its like inventio. intelligence energy integrity..\n\ngrok soundboard off of each wealth creation and fame creation startup ideas i have, for the best one i got, and how to generate more. create curate. and learn and inventio and understand the implications, and work on the top ones i got\n\nbuild what you cant buy. thats the importance of checking if the idea exists. if it does, good your problem is solved. thats a good thing. if not, thats also a good thing. every problem is an opportunity, and you can solve it before society does* innovation could come automatically, not really it takes people to build it, to get in the ring and shut up. we play this wealth game because its a worthwhile game to play with our time here in life.\n\ngive society what it does not know how to make, at scale\n\nknowledge innovations, moral innovations, operation innovation\n\nbegin with the problem, understand it, then act with no speed limit\n\ninnovate with coordination. connecting existing dots in a book, a theory of more than just one thing\n\nsilicon valley and the human spirit of innovation isnt a geographical place, its a boundless spirit of life\n\ndont say the quote, just say the thing. if they ask or call it out, be honest, the reason is to save time, its not my idea. we are all mosaics, the only originality maybe is our taste for what we like. innovation by organization. no new legos, but a new lego config\n\nbuild what you cant buy. thats the importance of checking if the idea exists. if it does, good your problem is solved. thats a good thing. if not, thats also a good thing. every problem is an opportunity, and you can solve it before society does* innovation could come automatically, not really it takes people to build it, to get in the ring and shut up. we play this wealth game because its a worthwhile game to play with our time here in life.\n\n