- errors are the gate to plasticity\n\nso the brain processes from front to back almost?...\n\nlearning truths makes your neuronal wirings model life better and better\n\npain is plasticity, youre brain is then primed for picking up on the right pattern/s\n\neverything feels dopaminergically numb. just solve problems. being then awareness are first\n\nive become better at being distracted. waterbending my adhd-like attention back to the source\n\nthis obstacle is an opportunity to grow. i need to make the choice, anterior midcingulate cortex\n\npain is plasticity is mental reversion till something starts working (the problem is getting solved)\n\nif an ADHD tries to focus on 1 thing that they dont want to, they get 3/10 done. if they just do what they want, including sometimes that task, it'll be at least 5/10 done. it's the variety that catalyzes momentum/motivation\n\nlearning truths makes your neuronal wirings model life better and better\n\nonce a goal state is connected to a value-vector, dopamine is unleashed lol\n\ni can simulate autism like wsl on windows lol. its the meta. high iq and OC--n ocean\n\nmaybe youre not smart, but with the right mate selection and nurturing of your kid, theyll be taller and smarter than you. dont you want that for your loved one?\n\ni think theres intelligence in neuronal count, but also in the way those neurons are configured. thats why you have "stupid but wise people". or "smart but foolish people".\n\ndopamine is in short supply when the dopamine costs of modernity increase. you can both cut dopamine spending and increase dopamine production. write about a guide to what i know about this\n\nwas ramanujan one of those people where his math part of brain was next to walking part of brain, so it came easy to him? ive seen someone like that, a neurodivergent in a positive direction\n\n