life is constant obsessive practice\n\nremember that ive only met 1/800,000,000 people on the internet / world.\n\ni see life clearer now i think. higher resolution? wider perspective idk. dont wanna get cocky now.. haha\n\neven from the things and people and places you love, take a break. it will give you perspective. fish cant see the water theyre in till they move to another pond.\n\ni love when you leave a project or take a break from something, you come back to it with fresh eyes, fresh insights, that you had to leave the myopicness of it to see\n\nare routines programming yourself? training yourself in certain ways. ecologies of practice prevent combinatorial explosion with metagame embodied social practices. manifestations of the spirit. breadth and depth\n\ni wonder how english would look and sound if i didnt know it. i wonder how humans would look like if we didnt have the facial recognition that we do. there is no “position from nowhere”? something is always somewhere?\n\nyouve probably only really met 1/10 million of all humans, and those are probably only 1/10 million of all life forms, and those are probably only 1/10 million of all beings in the universe, and those are probably only 1/10 million of all universes in the everett, and those are probably only...\n\ncalendars are time-based todolists. taleb and naval dont like calendars but tim does. to each his own? i kinda like both idk what works for me. friends do diff stuff we just speak what we honestly know about reality, and its interesting what we dont share, like reverse ig reverse linkedin, like bereal. what if you show what sucks about you instead of going first with whats good with you. the least bad is the best? like golf haha\n\nthe person whos had little and lot of money knows more about money than a rich kid or poor kid whos only had 1 of 2. same with sinners to saints, or whatever\n\nvalues can get changed with transformative truths and comunity reinforcement like dont die cult lol and sg trip im convinced now i got prop and persp knowing now\n\nsometimes its unhelpful to use days as frames, its not about just today its about this week this month this year this decade this life this dont die life your lineage etc.\n\ni thought id be same from 18 onward but i was so wrong. i felt like i lived longer from 18-22 than 1-18. time is relative. decades can happen in weeks, dont let your life be a week in a decade thats so sad.\n\nwow heroes journey shit. time is a 1 way door. sometimes a different useful frame makes everything fuckin clear. maybe theory conflicts are two frames that need a bigger unifying frame. like were only seeing the elephant foot or tusk or trunk but if we can zoom out we see the whole elephant\n\ntalk about the importance of framing, how i felt it with psychadelics, use ai to illustrate the notes i made (check keeps). say i did 7 days of research, i saw the importance from the eleucidian mysteries. we cant verify everything from the ground up. begin with the problem not the ground up. verify in proportion to problem importance\n\n