how to guard against mimesis, examine your motivations. do not look around to others only up to God. well it begs the question what is God? well i think the vague point is more important than an explanation

unwavering unconditional love is the way out of the mimetic process

should be a daily bible like daily stoic, accessible


do not look around to others, only up to God - thiel

Christ exposed our sins. love thy neighbor, unconditionally. this is the message of dostoevsky as well. it only counts if it costs

the 4d world plays out in 3d, the 5d world plays out in time

i grew up in Christianity, after exploring other religions, i still like Christianity the most

i feel so conflicted. ive sinned, i dont think i believe in the dogma of christianity but im still so troubled by it. maybe i do need to go to therapy. but what happens when i exhaust all the times? i feel less empowered

different religions are like

do not look around to others, only up to God\n\ndo not look around to others, only up to God - thiel\n\nfollow the light. the people that are and feel most "clear" both radiate and let through, the light.\n\nspirituality as nonmental nonphysical\n\nwrestle with God\n\nbathe in the love\n\nbeing gay with the boys >>>\n\nmusic is spiritual medicine\n\nWrite about “to and from religion”\n\nyour conscience is the voice of God\n\nwe are manifestations of the spirit.\n\nspirituality as nonmental nonphysical\n\nyou are a manifestation, not the spirit\n\npass karma from today to tomorrow's life\n\nspiritual means: not mental not physical.\n\ngive awesome people awesome opportunities\n\ndo not look around to others, only up to God\n\nbe solo in nature like jesus, buddha, mystics\n\n- do not look around to others only up to God\n\nbelief comes before ability. wrestle with God.\n\nporn -> sexual market understanding and diligence\n\ni am worthy. god said i am a gift that gives gifts\n\ndo not look around to others, only up to God - thiel\n\nget powerful, get good. pagan and christian paradigms\n\ngo to church for girls too? also check buddhist temple\n\ndo not look around to others only up to God. all powerful all good\n\nI love you God. Thank you. every obstacle is an opportunity for virtue\n\nSo I started to have a journey back to religion, but from a different angle.\n\nalso we can reconcile pagan and christian paradigms: be both powerful and good\n\nbuddhist views through a catholic lens. one of the best religious synergies lol\n\ngo to church today? and the buddhist temple? on Jan 27, 2025 at 6:30 AM - 7:00 AM\n\nbecome a buddha? possible? they renounce? can you be a wealthy buddha? siddartha...\n\n"if you can quantify it, its not sacred." "the spiritiual is non mental non physical"\n\n~ look to the first and last commandments: look only to God, do not mimetically look around.\n\nfollow the light. the people that are and feel most "clear" both radiate and let through, the light.\n\ni was taught that sex is evil my whole life w dad and catholicism but its really a beautiful moral thing\n\ni notice buddhism is spreading. i think because its non dogmatic and science compatible, unlike dogmatic religions\n\nlots of sufferers of scientism are saved by science fiction because its the overlap between science and the spiritual\n\nempower yourself. merging the paradigms of christianity and paganism. 2x2 matrix of powerful powerless, and good and evil\n\nChrist exposed our sins. love thy neighbor, unconditionally. this is the message of dostoevsky as well. it only counts if it costs\n\n~ Right View, Right Resolve, Right Speech, Right Action, Right Livelihood, Right Effort, Right Mindfulness, and Right Concentration.\n\nas long as you reach the a-s tier, no need to worry about rank if you fall into the good bucket. do not look around to others, only look up to God\n\npost about the similarities of diff religions, krishna jesus buddha, the similarities. also similarities of bryan johnson longevity jesus lol. "eternal life"\n\nits not about the instruments, the manifestations, its about the spirit, it always has been, dont lose sight of the moon for the fingers, this is one of the oldest pieces of wisdom\n\nwrite about to and from religion. why i questioned my born into religion and why im sorta coming back in pieces. a new 3rd way, not athiest, not classicaly religious, a third way, the new age\n\nonce you stop taking the concept of God too literally, it's not a guy in the sky, all the religious language just makes so much more sense. God is the intelligent infinity all around us. its ineffable. the first line in the dao de jing is the dao that can be spoken of is not the true dao..\n\nlove is seeing the interconnectedness of all, seeing source\n\nalso we can reconcile pagan and christian paradigms: be both powerful and good\n\nbuddhist views through a catholic lens. one of the best religious synergies lol\n\nbecome a buddha? possible? they renounce? can you be a wealthy buddha? siddartha...\n\nwrite about infinite being, and reconciling pagan and christian paradigms, and reconciling science and religion\n\ni like how in buddhism, there was THE buddha yes, but being a buddha is a state of being, theres not just one thats possible, i like that.\n\nwrite about to and from religion. why i questioned my born into religion and why im sorta coming back in pieces. a new 3rd way, not athiest, not classicaly religious, a third way, the new age\n\nsubstance not time, the best youtube videos for example come from tons of years of production, its about the quality not the time of production. same for songs, there are great songs from every age\n\nomg i found my way back to God, its the god of spinoza, it reconciles paganism and christianity i love it omg. all is right again. omg it was a conflict of theories, united by a grand unifying theory: naval introduced me to deutsch but also the spiritual. gotta love naval hes lowkey higher than thiel rn. am i retiring thiel? omg i never thought the day would come. make a hero leaderboard, and make a spicy list of people that i pick and choose dimensions of. but dont make public??? say why i like xyz. and have resources for people to learn\n\n