---
title: "⚽Sports"
slug: "sports"
---

lately, ive been telling myself "physical games > digital games"

i just dont want to be trapped in a local minima

i learned from rafe kelley about "rough and tumble play"

and with my need for novelty, im experimenting with more sports (id only play soccer for 2 years)

now im trying crossfit, jiu jitsu, and rock climbing

im considering trying rugby, badminton/tennis, surfing, idk what elseits crazy to think about but there will come a time when someone will surpass elon messi

talk about soccer and fifa and soundtracks

its crazy to think about but there will come a time when someone will surpass elon messi

i get bored with certain sports / groups of people. maybe i just want novelty. so im trying a bunch of different social sports, physical > digital games. good heuristics that i can live by

talk about soccer and fifa and soundtracks

its crazy to think about but there will come a time when someone will surpass elon messi\n\ntalk about soccer and fifa and soundtracks\n\nrock climbing again\n\nwatch the 3 big tennis\n\nwhen are the wins nights?\n\nmessi: "stand still more"\n\nwe have competing yogis lol\n\nplay sidekicks soccer in march\n\nplay sidekicks soccer in march\n\nthe french are sport overpowered\n\nlearn to surf. figure out how to start\n\njoin a futsal / league team for soccer?\n\nplay more tennis if short kings can win\n\nwhere the ball goes, i must be able to go\n\n"they are there for the love of the game"\n\nin soccer, protect the ball, eat the space\n\n- IF whoop green: exercise (see "sports" post)\n\nset up morning futsal before burn or something\n\ndont trust anyone per se, use sensors not census\n\nplay futsal or football on the beach before dinner\n\ngo bouldering? on Apr 20, 2025 at 8:30 AM - 9:00 AM\n\nunai emery reminds me of bukele, its all the same thing\n\nmarket to soccer chats, the kids who need some extra work\n\nfifa should seperate male and female players on same team.\n\nif you cant be a monoathlete, try being a multiple athlete, like decathlete\n\ni have a good soccer READ of the game, now i gotta improve my WRITE of the game\n\nhow do i measure myself in soccer? what are the kpis of a cdm? i wanna be like verratti\n\ngive a cheatsheet for soccer players: salt water before the game. learn to shiel the ball (8020 skill)\n\nwe all have different styles of living, it reminds me of the big 3 in tennis, federer, nadal, and jokovic\n\njust dribble and shield, i can always shield the ball from a presser, no need to panic, just keep the ball\n\neven messi misses the mark. the best just have a better track record, but no track record is immaculate no?\n\nwork on your fundamentals: passing, close dribbling, protecting the ball, shooting low and fast and accurate\n\nalso put studs on ball for more control. move around even a bit so youre always in motion and you can move on a dime\n\nif a soccer team cant get those 4-0, 6-0 results, they wont get the crucial 1-0 2-0 results against the other great teams\n\nwhat made michael jordan brilliant is that he was an amazing individual player AND he became an amazing team player. A + A = S\n\nfigure out the problem in soccer: i wanna score more. understand: just the final finishing i take lots of shots. action: whats one\n\nif you want a good analogy argument for meritocracy, look at world sport, like nba or footbal, imagine team world vs just 1 nation's team\n\nif you can find the explanations of a sport you can get good. i learned ball shielding/protecting made verratti hazard and messi. thats the 1 thing imma work on most\n\npass and attack as directly central to goal as you can, better geometry for shots. begin from the end game - capablanca: intentional shooting on goal. be efficient before getting fancy\n\ndo hell yeah or no for soccer/sports too. dont do what you dont want/not that good. i can be good at offense but its inconsistent. but im a good game reader and defensive asset consistently. what if i just lean into defense?\n\ndribbling is important because 1 mind is faster than 2, plus a pass means theres lag across the grass and they need to take a good first touch. if theres no good pass shiel and dribble, if there is a good pass fuckin pass lol\n\nwhats my best soccer position/role, and what do i gotta focus on and focus LESS on? i think my defending is better generally than my offense, but I CAN contribute on offense, but i think i gotta experiment being more central, like a messi playmaker type, i gotta feint more, shield more, be lower centre of gravity\n\nif players know youre good with the ball, theyll pass you the ball. this is attraction luck jutsu lol. detection luck is being able to read the game, so you know which moves to make, the independent 2nd part of that is actually building up the execution skill/s so you CAN actually execute on the right decisions you know you should make\n\nthen i can improve calm maybe, passing, long passing long shots, then transition to CM like verratti and make forward runs and take shots from half spaces? kinda like xavi's transition from cdm to more attacking cm... like i havent been showing a pure attacking talent, but i do have SOME attacking merits and track record, i can contribute\n\nlocal legends is also good for coaching, you can make player stats based on your assessment, they can show what positions they wanna play, you can agree disagree, the stat numbers and results dont lie when it comes to what positions youd be good at. find an exemplar for each player, learn from this person. watch their film. no overweight kids* idk id take fat ronaldo lol. first it has to be a love of the game. the love comes before the playing i think you need to think its a fun game, id rather have a small curated team\n\nif i was coaching an fd team, id parse players by love of the game, no dicks lol, and teach them the best skills in the best order. go from goal to strategy to day to day values. lets play fifa, lets learn theory, lets carpool, lets analyze film, lets scrimmage, lets rondo. no sense in conditioning if you dont know how to play, and ill prove it like this: would you take a 40 year old with 10 years experience or a 20 year old with 1 year experience? id take the 40 year old, hell have less pace but thats about it, hed make better decisions, besides the ball runs faster than anyone lol\n\nwrite about how i got better at soccer, how to refine your game, what positions to play, what are the best players who are similar to you in build and playstyle/motivation. focus on the 1-2 principles that work, for me it's "stay central" and "protect the ball", my role models in soccer are verratti and messi. short ball protectors. also experiment with different playstyles and see what the data says, for me i usually play better in defense, i have a natural nack for reading the game, with no need to turn my head, and seeing where the play will go. also im good at making line breaking geometrical passes like xavi, and quick release shots like messi. once i nailed defense, i started going more into playmaking offense and scoring goals and providing assists. but not before i nailed my defensive game. i learned from van dijk about defensive shape, low center of gravity. i learned from verratti about tackling and just poking the ball and being proactive in defense. you dont NEED to just wait around you can go up to guy and tackle. and im pretty quick in acceleration like most small players are.\n\n