have a plan AND experiment, espeically with gatekeepers. go through side gate. like agario, grow so you can consume the thing.\n\ni love love how noah kagan doesnt take himself so seriously. hes doing great financially AND hes maintained his inner child and energy. its not a mutual exclusive thing\n\nthe best strategy is the sustainable one\n\ndont get trapped in local minima, its the meta game that really matters. its the orchestration\n\ngo to the schelling point where top people are solving your top problem. eat the space, just like in soccer.\n\ncreate 100, curate 80, elevate 20.\n\npermissionless vs permissioned strategies in life\n\nfind a working strategy that doesnt scale, then scale that\n\nlook at the principles of the long game too. just solve problems\n\nthe middle two switch depending on if its peace time or war time\n\ntownhall is high level thinking. skill  supply is low level doing\n\nno free lunch. only trades. like poker. but we can do positive sum\n\ni love freedom clarity of plan, good values, good strategy, to good goals\n\nmoves and countermoves. validation from results from action from smallness\n\nservices are faster to start up. products are longer but scalable to start up\n\ndefense then offense. in soccer, in finances (cutting), in government spending\n\nvalues are what you want, strategy is procedure, goal states are specific desires\n\nshort form content should point to your longer term content. 1 minute -> 10 minute.\n\nremember covid when you stayed in the same place for months? starts to drive you crazy\n\nfollow the value chain. identify what market it is, then be a buyer or seller depending.\n\nbetter to polarize early and know who the infinite game players are vs the leech finite game players\n\nwith every problem, take the biggest ones and tackle em. parallel projects? then find one to double down on?\n\n50% product. 30% marketing. 20% sales. you need both product value and distribution channel for value-capture\n\ndont be a masochist but yeah be strong be fast be dextrous etc. go on the offense. be defensive and offensive\n\nyou can lower standards in the micro but retain standards for the macro. like losing a battle is fine to win the war\n\nfight fire with fire. "good" - jocko willink, use the problem to your advantage. if code ai is getting better, use it.\n\nhave a plan AND experiment, espeically with gatekeepers. go through side gate. like agario, grow so you can consume the thing.\n\nprinciples. derive solutions for goal states. clear goals immediate feedback challenge skills balance. prove your economic worth\n\nbarbell strat: be a minimalist to be a maximalist. be super conservative to be super moonshotty. dont die + compound + asymmetric upside\n\nsystems and process toward a goal based on values? values are the most mysterious part of the trifecta for me: of values strat and goal states\n\ni want to talk more about antirational memes, that disable thought, and the importance of detecting and removing them, from minds and cultures.\n\njust promote to the internal ns discord to start, then can do x warpcast etc. quality over the internet.. cause its infinite leverage, so judgement..\n\nsalient goals, delete, values/direction, strat * time = meaning and you get your goals. up and up the throughline and logos, this is the infinite game\n\nby reshoring usa manufacturing, are we competing, and therefore through thiel's lens, be losers? shouldnt we buy from china, but build what we cant buy?\n\nive learned to read the game. learn from visa. after i can read the game well to get what i want, i focus on the 1-2 things that REALLY fuckin matter, FOR ME\n\ni dont want to work hard, i want to work diligently and intelligently and wisely. ill setup systems that work FOR me. leverage. do once, have extended functionality\n\nsort by fun level. if its fun, its play, so its cheap for you. find things that are cheap for, expensive for others, that guarantees youre low supply on that vector\n\nwork backward from the goal state. the setup, the leverage, then the final output will be easy, itll be the press of a button, build leverage. leverage the internet.\n\nwith quality you can shoot to the top easily. you can come out of nowhere unto the radar of competence. like jokic van der ven. blackbeard. make principled strategic moved\n\ni can also pagerank off of wealthy and famous people, and just partner and interface with them. be a good individual player then play with others. minimum effective solution\n\nmaybe my next obsession i already have on my radar but its not relevant YET. what makes things relevant? its the right time to engage with it for my goals values and strategies\n\nstudy the playbook, create the playbook, play it. learn the rules break the rules make the rules. sometimes not learning the rules at the start is good too. naivety CAN be good.\n\nif you have not felt the pain of bad vectors: values strategy goals, you wont REALLY focus on fixing em and getting solutions and better explanations strategies and better results\n\nthiel-competiveness is like not competing directly, but competing in results. compete in vector (direction and progress and values) but not in approach. like dont compete with china on manufacturing\n\n"🚢 5. Become Indispensable to the World Singapore made itself a port, financial hub, and refueling station. It inserted itself into global flows. 🧠 Apply to NS: What is NS indispensable for? Talent factory?"\n\nmake 1 minute videos until i get people watching, then 2 minute, then 4 minutes then 8, increasing length when theres more people watching. so short volume sticky, THEN long depth quality. 2 independent things\n\nwhen both are polished, post 8020 and caldump on X and IG, where ive already built trust, and also point to where you can find my new upcoming projects. tell a story, of how i use it. list -> 8020 -> caldump -> cal\n\nlong term tech strat. profitability. permissionless leverage, experiments with problem solving, building leverage, central hub of personal site. specific rare low supply high demand knowledge and positioning of resources\n\nyeah i can just look. i dont have to do anything. just solve problems. debt loneliness sexlessness. leverage (code media). talking (X IG whatsapp phone cal). fame (visible competence of the previous 2). self, males, females, girlfriends.\n\nthe game theory optimal way for good prisoners dilemma relationships is bid for long term, if they fuck with you, fuck them over / have boundaries, then try again for the long term, train them. punish them if they deserve, but keep trying for the good\n\nor have a twtitter account for shitposting* and experimentation, then 1 account for the timeless stuff that works. and ill repost from my experimental account. like a breadth account and a depth account, or ill go into more depth the more people engage with a thought or meme, its a curated account\n\n