talk about young techies id bet on

talk about young techies id bet on\n\nmake markdown spacing better w pandoc\n\nbalaji made a good point, decentralized earning and freedom of speech. if you cant speak, someone is your master wtf\n\nfix the mantras spacing. fix pandoc\n\nmake apps that i can stand behind\n\nmake markdown better line spacing when translating to html\n\nfind a better way for markdown formatting and line break stuff. pandoc should do better\n\ni wanna go austin, then fucking go. i can write about deep tech still, i dont like the david goggins thing, ive tried it. just not for me, i understand why people would like it. austin the mecca of...\n\ntalk about sabatier, link to casey and s3. figure out the jekyll thing\n\nput ideasbugs on all landing pages\n\nmarket townhall to the coding meetup\n\nget airpods or earbuds for recording?\n\nsivers tech independence as a project\n\n"merge to main"\n\nbuy a microphone\n\nbali ns node next\n\ncan we get vr on farcaster?\n\nfix the laptop bluetooth issue\n\n/ life civilizational tech tree\n\nuse mouse for faster computering\n\nsivers tech independence as a project\n\nwe need delivery drones, delivery bots\n\n+ coding bootcamp + 908 coliving in SF\n\npoint your code and media to each other\n\nWrite about dps / tank / support, of tech.\n\na gay tech sf guy would flourish here haha\n\ncan you make an email based social network?\n\nlight90 in development, production, mobile.\n\nwork for replicate? whoop? who else is cool\n\nssd and sd and sivers tech independence shit\n\nlaptop ssd sd sivers tech independence shit.\n\nns is a saas, but when to fork the codebase?\n\nbackup laptop ssd and sivers tech independence\n\ni can be a 1-10 early employee at ns core team\n\nsetup dads domain email and maybe stripe later?\n\n@cursor needs context with browser and terminal.\n\npermissionless code and media leverage, but what\n\nif you cant prank a bluebox you cant make apple?\n\nput pplx on alexa and make a guide. figure out how\n\n- operator-software-hardware-communicator? rate em\n\nif techno-optimism is a religion, Elon is the pope.\n\nfullstack engineer, also become fullstack influencer\n\nalso i want to point my code and media to each other\n\nill make internet guides, tools, platforms, extension\n\ntech brotherhood. capitalism can be highly cooperative\n\nremove unused railway vercel mongo stuffs, and domains\n\nwe should have digital hackathon spaces, like discord?\n\nbackup all my keeps, ssd sivers tech independence. parse?\n\nbannerbloom will track last 7 days of whoop github stripe\n\nknow in reality not just theory. program life in plaintext\n\nmake markdown better line spacing when translating to html\n\nif you can combine code and media, product and sales. BRO...\n\ndelete excess github repos and mongos and railways and vercels\n\ni think if cursor had more context (chrome console + terminals)\n\nwealth: permissionless leverage indiehacking. code media equity\n\nbe visibly competent: show what im good at: tech philosophy etc\n\nfullstack engineer fullstack influencer. builder and evangelist\n\nremove townhall and solution society and anchor from ig accounts?\n\nmassage again? find a way to find all slash/ portals on a website\n\nspotify is my tiktok. make an open source web3 tokenized version?\n\nbe a builder and seller. fullstack engineer. fullstack influencer.\n\ndo a company spotlight reel about terraform industries on ig and x\n\nget new hower url. not comparrow, not hower. 8020.list or something\n\nsetup "continue with google for anchor marianas cart and newsletter"\n\nif only @cursor has context access to chrome logs and terminal logs.\n\nmake sure i can export all my google keeps. sivers tech independence?\n\nwhat if cursor had context access to chrome logs? when debugging frontend\n\nuse socket io chat for skillsupply? find a repo that has the code already?\n\nsaas experiments results. realizing dark unknowns through the light of time.\n\nget a viewcounter on all my pages like https://sdan.io/ and vercel rauch guy\n\nrename and parse ubuntu and windows projects. github save thhe important ones\n\nthread tools for the indiehacking checklist. like instantdomain, namecheap etc\n\n- i need to go to el segundo, SF, somewhere where the tech is accumulating. LA\n\n+ im trying to find tech work, i have a good plan, so its just a matter of time\n\nput last updated x days ago, and add google analytics of views to each html page\n\nfullstack engineer * fullstack influencer = code and media = product * marketing\n\nmusic philosophy tech solving a top problem on Apr 21, 2025 at 9:00 AM - 9:30 AM\n\nread write own read this book and follow chris dixon and watch balaji pod with him\n\nvr ar real world visualization. balaji got a lot of ideas from sovereign individual\n\nput a feedback? button on every startup site. with company email href mailto button\n\nIf this is true, then what do i do if i still want to make money in the tech space?\n\nself driving is cool. comma ai and tesla fsd. dont compete against elon thats stupid\n\ndo auto job applications for products at startups i actually like? like perplexity etc\n\nfind a better way for markdown formatting and line break stuff. pandoc should do better\n\nhelp alex make his website for his hackerhouse instead of just a form? what domain name?\n\n@cursor should have chrome logs and terminal logs access for context. for the ai agent mode.\n\nwhat i do: indiehacking permissionless leverage. combining all 3 permissionless: code media equity\n\ncursor error: https://www.perplexity.ai/search/why-does-cursor-say-attempting-Prf1kOcfRp24.Echj15aTg\n\nmake the x account scanner named after the power scouter from dbz. find accounts that punch above weight\n\nshould have a qr code reader from a pic feature cause its useless if you see a qr already on your screen\n\nfix the ftdbilus.sys error. see if its a problem in the first place on Apr 25, 2025 at 7:30 AM - 8:00 AM\n\ncode and media (writing and podcasts and youtube) is making relationships at scale. talk about ethics, tech\n\ncheck if theres a keeps api. would be cool for pinned keep extraction, and esp autoroutine import every 6am\n\nconnect IG and soundcloud back to personal site using the verb directive buttons on my site. see hear listen\n\nrefer zach yadegari? lol. they want nba draft, the up and comers in tech on Apr 23, 2025 at 11:00 AM - 11:30 AM\n\nfor blog, write in plaintext with 1 image, use twitter? then convert plaintext to html https://sive.rs/plaintext\n\nuse for substack alt? find all the web3 feature paritied alts like chris dixon writes about: https://mirror.xyz/\n\nmake the crypto credential linkedin within ns. ns is the harvard for the next facebook.. a physical social network..\n\nmake adampang its own thing replicate from and tie each repo to each other or just multiple domains same github pages lol\n\ndo the ssd derek sivers tech independence thing so i dont lose my laptop. where to get a cheap laptop replacement after this..\n\nposting a youtube link on X should auto format to mp4. posting a spotify link on X should auto format to mp3. X features thread\n\ndo the caldump sensitive scope email thing so less clicks for caldump. when user is signed in once, should be 2 clicks or something\n\nchrome extensions screenshot post. desktop bar screenshot post. pinned tabs screenshot post, mobile home page screenshot post. thread\n\nwrite about the tech pyramid and the most expensive layers, like housing. does the foundational things depend on how you frame things???\n\nMaybe i can be the healer/support, the visakanv of tech? But i dont want to live my whole life just on tech. Sometimes it gets boring. why?\n\nso focus on code and media leverage, visible competence for fame for women attention. travel to places with good ratio.. diversify internet presence.\n\nuse caldump as the boilerplate for new 8020.best repo. redirect hower.app to 8020.best. use the old files of course. minimal changes to problem solution\n\nif you get hardware to work, theres a tech moat thats hard to replicate. so you really gotta pick a great obvious-to-you idea, given the costs of starting\n\nsivers tech independence, try linux on something. its not priority. use problems and pain and feeling to guide salience plans and progress and resource allocation\n\ndelete excess github repos, to reformat anchormarianas, say its adam's digital shop. then i can give a quick 1 liner for each project, through the github repo about\n\n11s, then siftbest this shit. make siftbest public as 8020.best, consolidate caldump into it, make it freemium. caldump will be the free resource i guess part of it.\n\nmake a job auto apply bot, that also knows what theyre looking for, and also jobs on X, and ones that i use the product, AND are small. briefcase method X john coogan job search guide\n\nupdate nautilus thanks to verda on render recommendation. light90 is up now. insert link. render ive found is slow for frontend, but vercel does it better. for backend its better than railway\n\nhow do you build the lego block of real life? modular, portable, cheap, editable, abundant? reversible. plus plants. tech + bio = solarpunk.. reuusable. shipping container form factor plugs right into existing infra\n\nbe able to make a start here blog post and also i should be able to pin blog posts. if people like the way i have my setup, maybe i can sell the code??? does selling code ever work thoughh? i mean shipfast but theyll just fork it idk\n\nso I: take notes on life, categorize on this blog, clean up/curate when its too messy. it puts myself on the internet, so people can learn faster, what took me longer to learn. see... tech: more with less. the internet is a crazy invention i swear\n\ndo the diff ATPs on all important links first. github X soundcloud, put those on page. also randomize what colorage youll get on my site, maybe put a dark mode light mode, based on your location and its time of day: light mode for day, dark mode for night.\n\njust put bannerbloom stats on X: whoop score github score stripe score. measurement gamifies. 2 word banger thread. X is a tapestry. make that app to see posts that arent threaded in yet, and file away into diff topics. honestly the ai blog categorizer app can do that\n\njust elaborate on each topic like im texting you, just do a dialectic format, make an embed software essay thing, so i can edit it on the website, then embed the whole text essay on my website. i can do this dialogos with myself or with others, its socratic. make it like text bubbles, where someone on left and right text bubbles appear, press spacebar for it to keep showing the next message, some JS. embedable JS library. very newjeans of me\n\nsome permissionless leverage is more valuable than others. low supply high demand: code > media (books, films, art, etc). code has ai and crypto, still lots to build. equity is leverage, just like capital investing. equity is worthless unless you make it worth something. and where you take your legal jurisdicitions. governance is about property rights and policies. law and order. deleting should be easier than adding. 40-60 split or i think 1/3 2/3 is elegant. 66.6 and 33.3\n\nssd and sivers tech independence linux experimentation\n\nbackup all my keeps, ssd sivers tech independence. parse?\n\ntech is supposed to make quality of life better in long run\n\nuse the other monitor too in guest room for split screen dev?\n\nbe visibly competent: show what im good at: tech philosophy etc\n\nhow to remove instagram suggested feed from web app? some extension no?\n\nssd backup my laptop so i save important data / sivers tech independence\n\nfix anchormarianas presale page after comparrow, then email lemon squeezy\n\nalso for anything music, use the playlist sorter api too. great dev tools\n\nshould have a qr code reader from a pic feature cause its useless if you see a qr already on your screen\n\nmake an instagram chrome extension that turns off suggested for you. 1 mag starting price, use the pricing algo\n\nfor blog, write in plaintext with 1 image, use twitter? then convert plaintext to html https://sive.rs/plaintext\n\nig post: just released 2 internet products projects from my company anchor marianas. lots more coming check it out\n\nperplexity is goated, the chrome console frontend dev ai assistant feature is goated. microsoft 11 ui facelift goated\n\nfor digital tools and tips and tricks, use shift clicks for multiple selection and ctrl clicks for individual selection\n\nwish i could have ios extensions like i have on chrome i dont want a for you page. makes me wanna jailbreak like ol days\n\napp academy same bootcamp as hasseeb lol the most well known alum. i wonder what he thinks about effective altruism and eacc.\n\nmaybe under every tweet, thread the blog post directly to x, or actually just get them to my personal site put analytics on it\n\nbuy nucleus and starlink mini or the regular one, check fb marketplace, and check if its better than our wifi at home via docomo\n\nblog about my desktop taskbar, desktop tools, my chrome pins, extensions, what else? the web apps like playlist miner, sorter, etc.\n\nimagine f.lux, whoop, coffee reminder, phone and smart home lighting, all synced. single source of truth, many apis. also theta waves\n\nyse claude and a image to code thing to code out the farcaster app mars party w elon thing. a component. open source repo open for collab\n\nzuck and bezos have better stress-to-wealth ratios than musk. musk is the goat, but zuck also is fuckin young for someone of his position.\n\nget a digital notepad with inkscreen and red light for night time notetaking that syncs to keeps or its own app whatever. easy export research this\n\ndelete idiapp? i keep getting these notifs, just use boilerfork if/when i make it again. kevin kelly said remaking is how you make it betterr, sorta true\n\nsivers tech independence, try linux on something. its not priority. use problems and pain and feeling to guide salience plans and progress and resource allocation\n\nshow useful laptop shortcuts i like. middle click mouse to open or close tabs and links. ctrl shift t to pull up old tab. ctrl h history. basically learn shortcuts\n\nwhen i want a new screen name what are places to consider checking if the @ is available? domain email instagram twitter youtube spotify for artists airchat what else?\n\nfigure out the whoop coffee timer shortcut thing then write a guide blog post if none exists. also put analytics on every blog site, free open source shit. a counter???\n\nshow on hackernews and indiehackers/show? and reddit. i should start with platforms i know and use, i can always delete messages etc and i can mute block negativity unhealthy criticism\n\nif i dont put my code and thoughts online i wont make friends, because remember im gonna meet em offline eventually. rate my followers by how many followers they have, and their followers, like a twitter pagerank how…\n\nwrite about digital tools and where they are. im not supposed to like it but i like windows 11. what i dont like about my laptop is the battery life and the weird random shut downs and i have to wait long for it to boot up\n\nsoftware and learning first and health, hardware and material quality of life later, and girls. friends before girls. so be online. write banger useful tweets, make friends around the world, visa has been onto this for a while\n\ndo sivers tech independencena and ssd save important files. clean laptop first with some software idk. and check a checklist for backing up important files. maybe get a new laptop mac and then the important files ill come back for in a years time\n\nspotify should show which artists are too. that info exists already. if im short of startup ideas which im not, then just keep learning. you cant say were out of software ideas. keep working in idea top of mind. maximize runway but at some point you need to create value. spent like 2k in singapore.\n\ni use notion calendar now. seamless integration with gcal, free, love it. now i can have custom sliding windows of day views, i can ctrl click multiple events. it has easy clipboard ux. love it. man good software is awesome. i like windows 11, i like the new chrome console js ai helper. thats fuckin an AWESOME frontend dev feature. the old way of hiring tons of devs is old. lots of people got into code for the money, not for ideological reasons. i got into it for wealth creation too and i liked the permissionless leverage. its a creative means to an end, but not everyone is creative, got lots quantity quality of ideas, AND you have to be a founder mindset to actually manifest those ideas to the market experiments and make money (profit) / transform to wealth, for sustainable development. profits are proof of societal service. just because a company makes money doesnt means its defensible or a good long term societal good: cigarrete companies, oracle lol sorry idk what im talking about here,  what else? if i tweet this shit, and get flack, just mute the drainers that dont critique well. like sivers said: energize or drain compass\n\n