music sport sleep and progress are my therapy\n\nthiel = mimetic theory and technology\n\nthere is no authority in theory..\n\nget the roatan iq increase therapy\n\nevery mistake stems from an incomplete theory\n\nwrite about the fourth turning, can discuss ns.com/learn books..\n\nmechanistic knowledge growth exists, it gets subsumed by greater theories\n\nproblems are theory conflicts. 1 grand unifying theory is needed to reconcile the 2. like physics\n\ninnovate with coordination. connecting existing dots in a book, a theory of more than just one thing\n\nthoughts on fame, theory of fame, analogies, what does it tie to, tie into naval and nassim etc and tim ferriss\n\ntheory of ns diary writing theory of mental clarity / life / tboi theory of songwriting theory of essay writing theory of appmaking theory of moneymaking theory of love creating..\n\nproblems are theory conflicts. so the prostitution radical experiment touched on the paganism and christian values colliding. now ive begun to reconcile it with darwinian ethics and better explanations via arjun via naval via deutsch\n\nalso fame is siloed, between spaces: philosophy, tech, athletics, sexual marketplace theory, wealth creation theory. thats work and love, the freudian focus of therapy. my work is in good shape, and my love is in mid shape, theyre tied\n\njoe owes 250. money. prostitute singapore bunny so no more trauma cause approach therapy? like guma’ uritao. and deutsch no coercion no violence. safe play practice? but only after i generate wealth? like sexual spiritual shit? find this online or bali idk. hell pay for the next massage? i mean if hes gonna sponsor the thing then just let it go. well be friends. the more weve become friends the more communistic? on Apr 21, 2025 at 7:30 AM - 8:00 AM\n\na better theory is when it encompasses the old theories AND explains more, JP was on to that too\n\nproblems are theory conflicts. 1 grand unifying theory is needed to reconcile the 2. like physics\n\nelon is the manifestation of naval’s wealth creation theory/understanding, which hes dissimenated for the masses\n\nbalaji is an encyclopedia because of a throughline plus internet talent curation books people, a theory of everything (mental scaffolds)\n\nlife is often a game a puzzle and its fun to solve and win. understand it, then act with a test of theory and observe results 1 2 4 8 16 32 64 128 256 512 2024 4048 8096 16,192\n\nlife is like you want 100 but you keep getting 20, in the equation input+24*y= outcome. masters can show you the hidden variables and you can test it out. this is the power of theories, you understand a system and manipulate variables\n\n