can i soread out the stress for a more sustainable life?

what else?
physical?

a big part of the meaning crisis is reconnecting to body, and flow of course.

money reduces # of sad days, but wont INCREASE # of happy days. meaning > happiness

talk about psychadelics

talk about psychadelics

if i was a ceo, sleep would be a cultural priority

meditation is a bandwidth practice\n\ncalm mind fit body house full of love\n\ndo more yoga too\n\nwe need sauna ice bath?\n\nbreathwork with the bois on the beach\n\nproactively raise dopamine: ice bath onsen meditation\n\nmeditation is good for your mind so that its more signal than noise\n\nbeing, awareness, understanding, action, results, reflection, repeat.\n\ngood sleep: low stress, life in order etc. calm mind fit body house of love\n\nfit body, calm mind, house full of love. these things cannot be bought, must be earned\n\nweekly health. weekly wealth. weekly wisdom meetings. on discord, thats a great fucking idea.\n\ninvest in health wealth wisdom. wealth bromance romance flow. dont care about paying for these.\n\neach percentage of sleep score you get determines each percentage of life that you bring to the day\n\nyour attention / awareness / salience, is 100% going SOMEWHERE. you get to influence it. just saying...\n\ntruth communicates better than anything, speak its language. the language of truth is heard through awareness\n\nwhen someone says "i didnt know i needed this" the problem was always there, but the problem awareness was not\n\nsauna check dawn and discussion. and hot bath or nap.. chill tf out. check tim ferriss too. meditate in the bath\n\nreveal peoples blind spots. critiques are a gift, they are your friend. we have limited consciesness. share that grok everett post.\n\nguard and recharge your dopmaine battery. what are the resources: time, energy/dopamine, attention, what else? spend less, gain more?\n\nalso do more yoga for the meditative and eastern wisdom embodied practice, and flexibility is good, and community and there are girls there\n\nmeditation is a bandwidth practice. + bad days = low dopamine low bandwidth low flow. so take care of your health 3, say no, and solve problems.\n\ncold plunge. jennie mantra. straight out the cold plunge story. it gives 2.5x dopamine boost. foundation for all action. and you feel so much better after doing\n\nfind the sauna nearby for all this stress. find it. learn how to chill the fuck out given the high rhr and stress monitor thing.. on Apr 8, 2025 at 6:00 AM - 6:30 AM\n\nget that self massage thing from home. and do sauna, i could use that. do 8020 relaxation again. reduce by 1 coffee cause the neuro gum? on Apr 20, 2025 at 7:30 AM - 8:00 AM\n\nmastering sleep event. i do events on sundays. how do we know were not in a cult event. how to chill tf out at ns how to guide: hot shower, hot bath, sauna incoming, meditation, double inhales, massage\n\nif i rest well (health trio onsen blueblockers exercise) and work well (wealth code media leverage exercise), my hrv will be high. and status serotonin and undeniable life progress. i will figure out these games\n\nsauna and nap. gotta get good sleep today fosho. make room super cold but most of all get to bed on time. roll out back and feet + stretch hang. contrast therapy fix the sauna. it needs an electrician? and cold plunge on Apr 22, 2025 at 8:00 AM - 8:30 AM\n\nwrite about bad days = low bandwidth low dopamine. low bandwidth means say no, clean your calendar etc. low dopamine means prioritize sleep insert bryan johnson chrcklost, exercise, close eyes for a bit, find peace and quiet in your life, again say no. check your dopamine budget, avoid dopamine traps with better alternatives. porn? chyoa. video games? sport.\n\ngo sauna today!!! so everything we do at ns to improve the experience makes the saas better for all. yeah thats why itd be cool if its a collab instead of a top down because were all founders and i mean we can help yaknow.. do more contrast therapy with sauna cold plunge changing. check if it needs setting up. check sauna and cold plunge on Apr 21, 2025 at 8:00 AM - 8:30 AM\n\n