learn from the ancient myths and stories. the bible. dao de jing. meditations. etc. on Feb 2, 2025 at 11:00 AM - 11:30 AM\n\nsome truths can only be disclosed to you POST-experience.\n\ni want to be intelligent wise clear communicative infinite\n\nlearn from the prev generation on what doesnt change: tobi lutke, matt mullenweg, etc\n\nhow do you gain power? well what kind of power? how do you gain morality? wisdom? i want both\n\nthe goal is input and output DISCONNECTED. use leverage so your judgement is the real factor. smarts * wisdom\n\nmoney is for freedom not happiness. health wealth wisdom is more for peace, and calm mind fit body house of love\n\nlearn from the ancient myths and stories. the bible. dao de jing. meditations. etc. on Feb 2, 2025 at 11:00 AM - 11:30 AM\n\nThe Closer You Are to the Truth, the More Silent You Become Inside + the closer you are to source, the less memorization needed\n\nforgive them father for they do not know. illuminate concepts for lost people then, and be open to being illuminated yourself. this is ancient daoist wisdom: what is a bad man but a good mans job?\n\nyou can fail at reaching a goal, but also a goal may be a mistake in itself lol. wisdom seems to me to be about wanting the right things in the first place "pick the right door before "locking in""\n\nNow, I think we have to differentiate what to hold onto and what to drop from all these ancient belief systems. I’m not fundamentalist, but I also think dropping all this ancient wisdom is extremely foolish. These ideas have actually stood the test of time.\n\na great life is built upon great decisions. from great understanding\n\nvery few timeless things. spend more time on the timeless and not the temporary\n\ndeutsch even weaves in dukkha. another instant of ancient wisdom later modernly verified*\n\nmoney is for freedom not happiness. health wealth wisdom is more for peace, and calm mind fit body house of love\n\nwrite about how i like the serenity prayer, its all encompassing, grounding, its part stoic, part agency-encouraging, part wisdom\n\nthe best are great teachers and great students. daoist ancient wisdom. what is a good man but a bad man's teacher? what is a bad man but a good man's job? something like that\n\nsourced people say things at a wisdom rate we cant believe. but really theyre just at source and calling it how they see it, they just say what they see. like elon or deutsch naval balaji etc\n\nforgive them father for they do not know. illuminate concepts for lost people then, and be open to being illuminated yourself. this is ancient daoist wisdom: what is a bad man but a good mans job?\n\nwisdom comes from experience and reflection and an ever nuanced decision tree, marked by kunai where you can teleport from anywhere to anywhere like 4th hokage with compressed truths, meanings, directives\n\ninfluence can be seen as old artists are trendy but still are listened to like the foundations of the canon like the bible. i think jordan doesnt see more into the future maybe. but its great that hes rescuing old knowledge and cherishing old wisdom\n\nive had a taste of source and i cant go back. do you become more like the chair stark? i dont wanna be boring like that. i wanna be like a buddha like that atla monk whos a goof. humor has truths too its all about transformative truths affecting things beyond you, the illusion of seperate self, health wealth wisdom, maslows, markets, explanations, riffing, generate curate elevate\n\n