automation sucks for people that are stranded, but thats where the importance of reskilling people comes into play

work at idi again? not for time\n\nwork at idi again? not for time\n\nairtasker proves skillsupply will work\n\nwage + equity is fine. you just need equity, you need freelance.\n\nsometimes its hard to discern if core team is livingmates or being employees\n\nshow what kind of work it is. have people suggest new categories when they put "other". list the top categories so far\n\nyou rarely need to go to the coworking, only for talks. i like the cold and ease of going to a nearby place at the hotel, to work\n\nuse the iphone cord to transfer all solo clips ferdi and mig clips and pod recordings to desktop, then descript. then make sure the video audio captions etc, is awesome, and post to IG X whatever. never let cowardice be a bottleneck on Feb 4, 2025 at 10:00 AM - 10:30 AM\n\npeople like the gig economy. if they have multiple options that can be good...\n\nchildren have always worked. they should start working as soon as its reasonable.\n\nthe hower archive is full of note ideas, run through blog workspace tool? oof thatd be expensive.\n\nmaybe have some blog posts first on important things. well i can hower my ideas and check my blog workspace\n\nkids should work instead of going to school. if we all were able to provide value thatd be great. work with family\n\nuse scapples and export to pdfs in my blog posts, also stock photos and graphs that illustrate a point, and ai pics and movies to generate a vision too. vimeo??? and looms?\n\n